# HubSpot CPQ Discussion - American Bedding / Sayer

**Meeting Date:** 16th Mar, 2026 - 3:30 PM

---

**Kyle Harbuck** *[00:00]*: How's it going? 
**Mike Taylor** *[00:01]*: I'm good, thanks. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[00:05]*: Hey, Billy. 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:08]*: Yep. Loud and clear. It may be a little loud where I am. I'm in the lobby of a hotel here on spring break with the kids. But conveniently, everyone's napping right now. 
**Mike Taylor** *[00:25]*: I'm in my hotel room. 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:29]*: Yeah, my. My hotel room is. Is either quiet or it sounds like a 13 piece mariachi band, so totally get it. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[00:41]*: Hey, sir. 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:41]*: Both. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[00:43]*: Hey, guys. How's it going? 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:46]*: It's going well. Hi. 
**Mike Taylor** *[00:49]*: Good. 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:49]*: Hey, 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[00:53]*: Nice to meet you. So are you. Where are you based in? 
**Mike Taylor** *[00:58]*: Up. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[00:58]*: Up north there at Five Lakes? 
**Billy Leigh** *[01:02]*: No, we are in Dallas. We're kind of. We're in downtown, pretty close to the Vesco headquarters. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[01:12]*: Oh, awesome. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[01:13]*: Very good. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[01:14]*: So y' all are probably getting a little bit of crazy weather with all of the tornado and then now freezing. 
**Billy Leigh** *[01:21]*: Well, we're fortunately, or I am fortunately in Naples, Florida, so I'm not experiencing any of that right now. But lucky you, I'm unfortunately not. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[01:33]*: I am. I'm in for Texas. And the fact that I'm wearing a vest and it's supposed to be 95 later this week is. I mean, not surprising, but surprising. 
**Billy Leigh** *[01:42]*: Yeah. That's really consulting of you, Kyle. I'm going to actually turn my video off. It's. I'm in the lobby of a hotel, 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[01:49]*: So you're totally fine. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[01:51]*: Okay. 
**Mike Taylor** *[01:56]*: Hey, Kaitlynn. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[01:57]*: Hey, Kaitlynn. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[01:58]*: Hey, Kaitlynn. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[01:59]*: Hey, guys. 
**Billy Leigh** *[01:59]*: How are you? Good. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[02:02]*: How are you doing? 
**Billy Leigh** *[02:05]*: Well, good, 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[02:10]*: We have everyone here. Yeah, 
**Billy Leigh** *[02:17]*: Yeah. Weston and Cameron. Catch one. Okay. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[02:23]*: Well, Mike, was Patrick gonna join from our team? 
**Mike Taylor** *[02:27]*: No, but I can get him one if you want. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[02:29]*: Oh, no, no. I wasn't sure if you needed him to be included or not. I. I think this is a good group. 
**Mike Taylor** *[02:34]*: I don't think this first one. I don't think this first one. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[02:37]*: Okay, perfect. Okay. 
**Billy Leigh** *[02:42]*: Since I. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[02:44]*: Since I called the Sayer team, 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[02:47]*: Maybe. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[02:48]*: I could give just a quick overview, Billy, of kind of what you and I chatted about and then get everybody on the same page and then Kyle let you just take it away. Does that sound good? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[02:59]*: Yeah, sounds great. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[03:01]*: Okay, perfect. Okay, so we have a few portfolio companies that have, I'm not going to say arduous quoting processes, but could use improvement. Right. And you know, we're growing up here at American Betting. We have our new HubSpot CRM system. And you know, I was, I just called, phoned a friend called Billy and said, hey, I want to see if there's any opportunity to implement AI to improve our quoting system and how we Go about the quoting process. And, you know, Billy said, great idea, but we need to back up a few steps. And so when I was kind of explaining Mike and Sarah Beth what our quoting process was and how our inside salespeople quote, he told me about this particular tool within HubSpot. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[03:53]*: And so you guys may already be running down this path and say, okay, we're five steps ahead of you. We're actually trying to implement this in 45 days. So I have no idea where we're at internally. I won't be shocked if you're like 20 steps ahead of me, but we're running this down for another portfolio company too. So just thought, you know, let's get the Sayer guys on the phone with. With you guys, since they're the experts, and maybe we can, you know, kind of meet in the middle. 
**Billy Leigh** *[04:19]*: Yeah, thank you, Kaitlynn. That's very. It would have taken me eight minutes with three side stories to get through that same explanation. So just really quick. Kyle and I are with Sayer. Sayer. We're a technology firm that does, like, revenue, operations, finance and accounting, and then a lot of, you know, technology around operations themselves. We are a HubSpot Platinum Partner, and we do a ton of stuff in the rev op space. And we're working with, I think five, four or five Vesco port codes, as well as doing some projects around exactly this CRM and then Rev ops at the fund level itself. And so we'd love to hear what you guys are already going on and if we can help and if we can, great. And if you guys already have a handle on it, no worries at all. We. 
**Billy Leigh** *[05:10]*: We have made a lot of headway with Velasco and the port coast. Just trying to build relationships and be a resource. We don't need to jump in or interrupt anything you currently have going on. Although we're always happy to kind of, like I said, be a thought partner, give advice where we can. And if you guys can handle it or already have it going on, then we don't need to be involved for sure. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[05:35]*: No, I welcome and appreciate you guys being willing to chat with us. A bit of context. So we started implementing HubSpot more effectively, like optimizing with our website last summer. So went through a process of making sure all of the fields on our web forms are capturing the data we need. But from there, that's when we shifted gears and worked on implementing NetSuite. So our ERP system. Yeah, we initially looked at the CPQ tool, the quoting tool within HubSpot, but were initially advised to do that as kind of like a phase two approach once the integration and completed. So that's kind of where we're at is we're aware of the tool, know just enough to be dangerous, but haven't officially looked into like the actual next steps or creating an outline or game plan, if that makes sense. 
**Billy Leigh** *[06:29]*: Okay, and then how far along are you guys in the NetSuite implementation or the integration between those two systems, which is kind of where the real power lies once you have those two foundations set up? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[06:42]*: Yeah, we officially launched January 1st and we've been making sure everything's working well over the last two months. So we're in a better place now. But we still found a couple of things here and there. 
**Billy Leigh** *[06:53]*: Yeah, and that's really common. You typically see like a 30, 60, 90 day kind of window where things taper off and then just keep note of kind of any of the manual processes that pop up because you kind of get to, everyone does, where you have almost like a reimplementation light after about a year where you're like, now we understand and the business has changed and the market has changed and so we can help with any or all of that. We have a dedicated NetSuite implementation team. But we go in and do like really light like five hours here, 40 hours there. You know, it's called administration. Right. Like you're continuing to administer and manage and grow and evolve the system. 
**Billy Leigh** *[07:37]*: I'm not sure if you guys did a self implementation or you had an implementation partner, but happy to talk through any or all of that, especially as it starts to relate to the intersection of HubSpot and NetSuite. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[07:50]*: Yeah, that would be great. 
**Mike Taylor** *[07:54]*: Yeah, we, Billy, we do have a partner. I think it's TPI out of Atlanta. 
**Billy Leigh** *[07:58]*: Oh, great. 
**Mike Taylor** *[07:59]*: With the NetSuite. 
**Billy Leigh** *[08:02]*: Yeah. 
**Mike Taylor** *[08:02]*: This whole thing came to, it was really interesting because Sarah Beth and I were talking probably two weeks ago talking about having AI on the front end of our quoting process because right now the quotes are coming in through HubSpot or a phone call or an email. And I would probably say, I mean we say we're 70% retention partners that come back to us. Okay, I, I think that's possibly a little high. So. But there's still, I think there's, you know, we would love to get to the point where we have an AI phase to the customer where they can load in what's my budget, what kind of products do I need, what channel I'm in, Just simple stuff. And I think in Sarah Beth when were talking about, she says, well, there's something HubSpot, we can open up a module. 
**Billy Leigh** *[09:01]*: So yeah, and maybe more so than just a module, but like in our HubSpot instance, you know, every con, every company has a domain name and then every contact associated with that domain name. So then any emails or phone calls or, you know, any information that's associated with that, we transcribe. So like American Betting, after this phone call will now be tagged as a prospect and then Vesco will be tagged as the pe. And then you guys are the port co of that prospect. And then the two of you will be associated with your titles. 
**Billy Leigh** *[09:40]*: And then now that you're a prospect in the contact company stage, our AI will use this conversation to create a lead for you to say, hey, there may be something there you can help with then as you move through the lead stages and then into the deal stage. So say it becomes a qualified deal. You say, here's what we know we need help with and we would like for you to help specifically in this space, all of that data has been captured and tied to your HubSpot record. And so then we would go into a scoping and then we would propose on something. And so more information is being gathered, both through the AI, but then in what's known as stage gate. 
**Billy Leigh** *[10:17]*: So in order to move it from a lead to a qualified deal, we need to know who's going to do the work and who owns the relationship and the address of the company, those sorts of things. And then by the time we're ready to send you guys a proposal, our AICPQ will have picked up and enriched the HubSpot lead with all of that information. And so then we can just send out a proposal that our AI will turn into a narrative driven proposal. 
**Billy Leigh** *[10:45]*: Because we don't sell things, we sell ideas, right, for all intents and purposes here, but we would be able to put a proposal, send that over to you, say, you know, here's what it is, here's why you need it, here's this, here's that, and that's all of sort of the narrative driven component of it, where it's a little different with us, but the CPQ tool can very quickly say, look, here's what we agreed to do, here's all the kind of requirements around it, here's what it costs, here's how many weeks it takes, here's how many, here's how we'll bill you, whether that's hourly or fixed fee, here's when we'll bill you, here's the terms. And so we can very quickly, just through the life cycle of you guys being a client and having this sort of AI enriching this along the back end. 
**Billy Leigh** *[11:29]*: But also our sales reps, you know, making sure that everything was captured and is right as we move through sort of that contact or company lead and deal pipeline that we can just immediately send out a quote or a proposal for signature. And that's kind of theory around CPQ and Netsuite does this and HubSpot does this and then there's intermediate kind of third party tools that do this. I don't know which one is the right one for you, but I really like a lot of the HubSpot CPU capabilities and Kyle can talk more deeply about that, but we use Claude as kind of the AI piece around it. But HubSpot has its own AI that it can use. 
**Billy Leigh** *[12:08]*: I'm not sure where you guys are in your AI life cycle, but that's effectively how it works is from first engagement all the way to the time you are sending a quote. Right. It's configuring it's putting the pricing around it and then as it's moving through that life cycle, it puts into the quote and then everything else happens downstream in your kind of inventory and finance and accounting systems in what I assume is netsuite. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[12:33]*: Yeah. Okay. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[12:36]*: And Kyle and Billy, Sorry guys, I'm probably going to ask the dumb questions on this call, but thinking through American bedding, right. And we sell mattresses to camps. So let's say that one of our salespeople is having a conversation on the phone with a camp. If they had some sort of Fireflies note taker or something and the note taker was able to capture. Okay, I'm looking for 100 camp mattresses at so and so spec. Would we be able to connect HubSpot Netsuite to be able to generate a quote automatically so that our salespeople don't have to do that. 
**Billy Leigh** *[13:15]*: Yes. With an important caveat that we want like a human in the loop, right? Like yes. Yeah. So it'll generate all that information, but then it'll ask you to review it and then it can put it together. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[13:27]*: Yes. 
**Billy Leigh** *[13:27]*: Yeah. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[13:28]*: Because that's what we're looking to do is to save time. Right. So that our salespeople can process more leads. And so Mike and Sarah, Beth, this is where I imagine that you guys imagine us heading, right? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[13:42]*: Yeah, absolutely. 
**Billy Leigh** *[13:45]*: That's where. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[13:46]*: Yeah. And I think kind of back to what Billy was talking about. Entry and exit, all that stuff, really getting the actual process and just aligning on what that is very black and white, like that's the most important stuff. 
**Billy Leigh** *[13:59]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[13:59]*: So understanding, okay, what is the most important information we need to generate that quote? 
**Billy Leigh** *[14:06]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[14:07]*: So is it through the call or the reps asking the right questions to make sure that quote's generated? As long as we have that piece built, it serves as a blueprint. So what we can build instead of HubSpot, but also how you can continuously like as training material or as like. 
**Billy Leigh** *[14:24]*: An sop, like internally. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[14:26]*: And so yeah, I think like right now going through and just understanding the quoting process for you all in its current state. And like what's great about it, what's not so great about it, that's where we can say, okay, like here's where we can automate or kind of make it easier flow. And so that's right now, is it a majority of quotes are generated from sales calls or is it kind of a mix between email, all web forms, things of that nature? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[15:02]*: Yeah, I would say all of the above. They're heavily on the inbound side of things. So mostly from our website or a repeat, a repetitive customer calling back in who has purchased before. 
**Billy Leigh** *[15:15]*: Yeah, and so if they're calling in directly and you're not taking the time to like set a meeting and add fireflies to it, do you guys have like a. It's called a voip, like a voiceover Internet provider, where when they call, it's already capturing the transcription or the details from the call. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[15:36]*: That's a good question. 
**Mike Taylor** *[15:37]*: I don't, I don't think so. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[15:39]*: Yeah. 
**Billy Leigh** *[15:40]*: Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say that's something we would ask. Yeah, that's something we would absolutely want to enable. And whether that's like an app on your phone or it's a part of your system, is that is like the richest data you could possibly get? Because not only can you say, hey, you know, I just hung up, everything goes to HubSpot, it does the configure price quote. But as we are looking at individual reps, as we are seeing how people are performing, if there are buy signs that they missed, or sentiment analysis like, you know, how is this rep perceived versus that rep perceived? All of that data would live and then be tagged to, you know, your structured data. Right. So the rep and what they're selling and how they're doing. 
**Billy Leigh** *[16:22]*: But then you could have like one one individual training or training documents being created or kind of, you know, what's best practices in terms of your best performing sales reps, those sorts of things, like that is the most valuable data you can have. And so you'll want to do that part and parcel with what were doing, which, and this is so funny because you guys, five lakes, Fabian all, every time one of you needs something, the other one needs something. And so this is something we're doing with Fabian is going through and we actually have a, we don't do the VoIP thing, but we have a partner who goes in and they assess and get you the right voip for free and they actually get paid. It's kind of like when you use a travel planner. 
**Billy Leigh** *[17:06]*: Like you don't pay the travel planner, they, the airline pays them or whatever it is. But we just engaged them, we worked with them at another company to figure out the right void for Fabian because they had something for like through Amazon for 200 sales reps and they needed something for like 10 sales reps. But you know, the CPQ and I always kind of say this is like everyone wants AI, but we've got to get like the process and the data and then the system in place. This is not an expensive project or a big project by any means. I think, I think we're pitching this at like 25,000 to get this all the way enabled at Fabian. And that's the HOIP and the cpq. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[17:51]*: Now this may be further down the line, but do you have any experience or familiarity with an online configurator? Like once we get all of the CPQ established and there's something more up here, of course, having that salesperson involved, but maybe something more engaging online. 
**Billy Leigh** *[18:06]*: Yeah, yeah. So you have your, you have a. Is your website, I'm sorry, is your website hosted through HubSpot? Yes. Yeah, we can do an optimization around all of that. And then what do you use? What's the front end of your website? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[18:24]*: I don't know. Actually, I want to say we've gone back and forth between WordPress and HubSpot and maybe it's GoDaddy is the domain, if that helps any. 
**Billy Leigh** *[18:31]*: Yeah, GoDaddy is the domain. We, we all. WordPress is not great because it's like a lot of out of the box stuff we use. So we love HubSpot for everything but we actually use Webflow. But we don't sell things. No one ever like found our website and wanted to buy consulting services. It's mostly like they talk to us and then they go back and look at our website and at this point, things have changed so much in the last six months just because we are always evolving and we're twice as big as were six months ago. So even that's a little out of date. But we're actually creating an AI that constantly is looking at all of our internal conversations and conversations with clients. 
**Billy Leigh** *[19:13]*: And so it's always pushing, this is being tested right now, but it's always creating new use cases, new interactive visuals, new kind of industry. And what pages are offerings. Right. The things we sell. And I'm using air quotes here probably evolve a lot quicker than what y' all do. But there's a lot of, there's just like so much room in that space. But yes, we do all of that so. And maybe I'll back up and I apologize, I'm just like over caffeinated. I've been at the pool with the kids and then trying to put them down and jumping back down here. But so we are a consulting firm that we focus on the revenue operations piece. So that's branding, that's marketing, that's generation, that's demand generation. And then the sales piece which is the where RevOps comes into play. 
**Billy Leigh** *[20:03]*: So sales and marketing and then you move over to operations. So that's your supply chain and inventory, that's kind of the next piece of the puzzle. So if you think about it like a P and L, it's kind of like revenue, cost of goods sold and then operating expense. So we do all of that from revenue to operations to HR to finance and accounting. And then we do system implementations, BI implementation. So that's your data warehouses, your analytics, your automation. On the RevOps side, that's like commission tools like QuotaPath and HubSpot for your CRM and Salesforce if you tend to go that direction as well as the marketing and branding side. And then on the finance and accounting side that's your, you know, the erp, the finance and accounting part of your erp. 
**Billy Leigh** *[20:50]*: But then it's all AI enabled pretty much at this point and we try and pass as much of that on to our clients because we're, you know, relatively big for a three year consulting firm. But we have no internal employees because our tech stack runs our entire business and then the partners. So Kyle runs RevOps. So he runs RevOps and then our CFO runs our CFO advisory practice and he does our CFO stuff. Same thing with accounting advisory and me and technology. So we have got AI in our tech sack set up in a way where we don't spend Any money internally. That's. Most businesses can't afford to do that from like a knowledge transfer position. But we can try and push as much of that on so that as you grow, right. 
**Billy Leigh** *[21:32]*: You can start leveraging kind of service as a software instead of having to like continue to hire more people or retrain more people. But so again, back to my point about taking eight minutes to say what Kaitlynn said in one. That's everything we do. And yes, we can help with that. And then we're always happy to just jump on the phone and say like, here's what we're seeing, here's what we're thinking, here's what we know. We've got a good enough relationship with Blesco and the Blesso poor codes. We're not ever trying to like sell you or pitch you or push you. It's not like calling an attorney where we start the clock the minute we pick up the phone. 
**Mike Taylor** *[22:08]*: Sure, 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[22:11]*: Yeah. And I think what we could do is, you know, I don't know if we can go through the whole process in the next eight minutes, but maybe hop on a call later this week and really just dive deep with you on again, just that current state, what's great about it, what's not so great about it and what do we want it to look like to where is that streamlined, like ideal flow. 
**Billy Leigh** *[22:31]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[22:31]*: And then from there we can come back with like a recommendation of, hey, like here's what we would suggest and how we would implement especially tied from all these different systems. 
**Billy Leigh** *[22:42]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[22:42]*: Especially like netsuite and then yeah, kind of work with you to say, hey, does this make the most sense? Do you want to do a piece of this, the full board piece, and kind of give you how we would go about implementing it and timelines and all that fun stuff? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[22:57]*: Yeah, I think that would be helpful, especially given the number of skills SKUs that we have. I'm sure it'd probably be a phased approach, but would love your insight or recommendations around that. 
**Billy Leigh** *[23:07]*: How many SKUs do you have? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[23:08]*: Yeah, yeah, we'll go through them as well. 
**Mike Taylor** *[23:11]*: I was going to ask that question, Kyle. I think you're right. I think we could walk through it and you can lead us to the point like right now, forgive me for saying module, but that upfront piece in HubSpot on that module as AI, we haven't turned it on because we haven't loaded all the part numbers in upspot because we're going through the netsuites implementation. So we haven't even been looking at it. We've been discussing it. Sarah Beth knows a lot more than I do. But, but maybe we get on the call and walk through that, walk through the whole process and say, hey, here's why we're doing it X way. Is there a different way to do it? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[23:55]*: Yeah, and that's, I mean, you're hitting the nail on the head is, you know, one making sure your process is like super black and white and understanding like, hey, this is how it should flow. When does it flow? Then on the other side of the data. 
**Billy Leigh** *[24:09]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[24:10]*: How many SKUs are there? Duplicates? 
**Billy Leigh** *[24:12]*: Is it nice and clean? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[24:13]*: Those two things are like the pillars for one, the process to work really well and then two, that's like the foundation for anything from a, like an AI perspective. Because otherwise if you don't identify the right fields of information or if it's trying to look through a bunch of the same records, like you're going to get the wrong thing. 
**Mike Taylor** *[24:33]*: Exactly. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[24:33]*: And so those foundational elements, before you even think about putting that piece in place, like, that's core. Because once you get that right, then the other. It just so much easier to do the AI implementation as well. 
**Mike Taylor** *[24:45]*: Does any other companies you're working with have like our channels are kind of split a little bit because we do government business, so we're doing bids. And it's not necessarily a true quote that we're saying. 
**Billy Leigh** *[24:58]*: Right. 
**Mike Taylor** *[24:59]*: I mean it's a bid in all the government business and that's probably 35 of our business. And everything else is real quotes. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[25:07]*: Yep. So then that's like more like RFP management or is it. Or just straight government bids that where you have to do like contract lifecycle management. 
**Billy Leigh** *[25:19]*: A little bit. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[25:20]*: I mean, what is, Sorry, maybe because. 
**Billy Leigh** *[25:24]*: A quote is easy, right? It's, it's. Yeah. You know, this many. Can you walk us through when you say a bid, what are you sending over? 
**Mike Taylor** *[25:33]*: Request for proposal that the government will send out. Hey, here's the proposal. Send in your bid process and have everything lined out in the bid. And you can't miss anything because. 
**Billy Leigh** *[25:45]*: Yeah, that's where, that's where. Okay, that's great. That's where we, I think we would maybe kind of move away from the typical quoting process and into more of an AI process. Again, what we do, because we don't get RFPs, we just get conversations and we've got to be able to like repeat back to them. You know, here's what we need, here's what we want, and that's where we use AI to transcribe. And so we'll drop in any documents around the current state, any emails we've had, any conversations. Conversations we've had, and then have that. It doesn't really write the proposal, but it does kind of the first big turn of the wheel because it understands where the RFP is. 
**Billy Leigh** *[26:27]*: You can attach the RFP to the object in HubSpot and then it will spit out everything you need and then you can go and review and update or give it information about like what was right about it, what was wrong about it. So it gets better next time. But again, you know, it just depends on what we're able to provide. And then we try to link everything into HubSpot so that it has all the documents, attachments, conversations. 
**Mike Taylor** *[26:53]*: Essentially we're doing most of that outside of HubSpot and outside of Net speech today. I mean we're essentially manually doing all the bid process. So. 
**Billy Leigh** *[27:03]*: Yeah, yeah, I want to get it. 
**Mike Taylor** *[27:04]*: All in the system though. We need to get in the system. 
**Billy Leigh** *[27:07]*: This is one of those like just smaller type projects that becomes life changing in a process like this. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[27:15]*: Yeah. And so what I can maybe on the next call it's like a. As a. Yeah. Second piece of that call is I, I have done that before because I literally this time last year was doing that with the insuretech company where they were having to do those RFP life cycles and they were. It was taking three people's time, like six hours for every rfp. And it was something similar. It's like, hey, you have the right pieces in place, everyone is different but if you have the right structure for it, you can run it through certain tools or even now with just some of these AI tools to get it to probably like 85% there, 90% and then you tweak like right at the end. So yeah, we can definitely dive into that as well. 
**Mike Taylor** *[27:57]*: If, if we could. Let's set up something. If we could do next week. I don't know if availability. I'm kind of in and out this week. So if we could do sometime next week. Sarah Beth, are you good next week? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[28:09]*: Yeah, 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[28:12]*: Yeah. Does the day work better than any other real. Then I can send over times and schedules. Like we don't have to do it right here either. 
**Mike Taylor** *[28:24]*: Tuesdays are normally bad. Mondays and Wednesdays are good for me. Sarah Beth, you're gonna have to. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[28:29]*: That works for me also. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[28:33]*: Okay, well yeah, let me send over some times and then I'll include a link to say hey, if none of these Work, just click it and then you can book the time right there as well. 
**Mike Taylor** *[28:41]*: Well, let me ask you a question. As you go, as we go through kind of the process. So, you know, I'll have Patrick on the call. He's our cfo and he kind of handles it and handles. He's been the netsuite leader. So I have on the call. We do have a gentleman who does the government sales and he's done it for a long time and he does them very manually. And it, you know his. He does an outstanding job. He knows everything about the business. First call to have him on or not. 
**Billy Leigh** *[29:13]*: Or wait, yes, the first call we need to have him on. But we're now getting into the redheaded stepchild of technology implementations. It is the most over. It's. It's like so overlooked. But. But the most important is you need to manage the change here because he needs to know very explicitly that this does not happen without him. And this is not the replacement for his job. It is the tool to help him get more done faster. But he's got to know that up front. And it's like we will treat him like assuming this is what you want, is what we refer to as a project champion, which is like you own this when it's done because it's never done. It's always evolving. 
**Billy Leigh** *[29:56]*: But if we can get you involved and you understand how it works, then when this edge case comes up, we can adopt it to that and he can be in charge of doing that. Because once we have it set up like our hope is you can own it and evolve it. And it's like when you need another system plugged into it or to do something completely different. You'll call us back for that. We want to be around for a long time. But like you don't. Consulting is just changing. You don't need us around all the time. So if we can empower you with this right, and you get a sense for what is possible once, what kind of problems it can solve for you, what you can do yourself, and then what you need us for. 
**Mike Taylor** *[30:34]*: Got it. Thank you. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[30:36]*: I think he'll be very open to it because Mike, this is something where we tried to explore Billy and Kyle, a tool called Cassidy explored it very poorly, to be quite frank, about a year ago. And it was to look to do just this. So I think he's going to be. 
**Billy Leigh** *[30:53]*: Super open to it. 
**Mike Taylor** *[30:54]*: I, I think he will too. And I think Andrea, who helps him, yes, it will be great. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[31:00]*: Who likes filling out RFPs? 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:01]*: Let's be real, Don. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[31:03]*: No, no one. 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:05]*: But I could. I could show you how, like, right after this conversation, we could get it. Like, I could have an unreviewed proposal about this to you in like 30 minutes, and it would pull from everything we've done, and it's all like, everything from creating it to the. The deck itself gets created digitally, and I just have to review it and then be able to explain it. Perfect. 
**Mike Taylor** *[31:29]*: One other thing we didn't mention Sarah Beth, but we have Zoom Info linked to HubSpot, correct? 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:34]*: Oh, great. Yes. 
**Mike Taylor** *[31:36]*: Okay, so that's another piece of the puzzle. 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:40]*: What's the. What's the piece there? Is it not just enriching your contacts as soon as it's moving through the deal stages? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[31:49]*: It is, and we're also using it as a prospecting tool for our outbound sales initiatives. 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:55]*: Okay, nice. Yeah. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[31:58]*: A lot of experience with Zoom. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[32:00]*: Okay. 
**Billy Leigh** *[32:01]*: Yeah, same here. Sorry, what's the. What's the issue? You were. Are you just letting us know that it's there? 
**Mike Taylor** *[32:08]*: I'm just letting you know. I'm just letting you know everything that's linked to linked. I just want you to know. 
**Billy Leigh** *[32:14]*: Got it. Okay. So then, Kyle, from here, I think let's set up a follow up meeting so that we can have you guys walk us through the process. Let's have the process owner kind of lead that if we can. And then from there we can get back to you with. I think HubSpot CPQ will be a part of it. Do you guys already have Commerce Hub? 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[32:37]*: We do. I'm not sure which tier. 
**Billy Leigh** *[32:40]*: Okay, that's perfect. We'll probably need the Pro. I don't think we'll need Enterprise, but. And then we'll reach out to HubSpot on our side and just let them know we're having this conversation because they always like to be caught in the loop or kept up. And then we'll talk through. I think it'll be kind of in two stages. One will be let's get CPQ set up and then let's talk about how we leave the doors open during the CPQ setup to do the RFP responses and what that looks like, and we can attack them. I would say let's do one, the cpq, because that'll be easier. And then. And then we can leverage everything we know from there because we'll know so much more about your business to get into the RFP thing. Does that work for y'? All? 
**Billy Leigh** *[33:24]*: I'd rather start small and hit a single. Perfect. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[33:27]*: That sounds great. 
**Billy Leigh** *[33:28]*: Perfect. Okay, great. 
**Mike Taylor** *[33:31]*: Thank you all. Thanks, Kaitlynn. 
**Billy Leigh** *[33:33]*: Yeah. 
**Sarah-Beth Knight** *[33:33]*: Thank you so much. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[33:36]*: Thanks, Mike. Thanks, sir. 
**Mike Taylor** *[33:37]*: Beth, thank you. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[33:38]*: Thanks, guys. 
**Mike Taylor** *[33:39]*: See you in a few minutes. 
**Kaitlynn Akins** *[33:40]*: All right, bye. 
