# CRM Discussion - Airtable, Hubspot, Affinity

**Meeting Date:** 10th Feb, 2026 - 1:30 PM

---

**Robert Strong** *[00:02]*: Hey, guys. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:03]*: How's it going? 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:04]*: Hey, Robert. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[00:05]*: Hey, Jason. 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:06]*: Hey, what's going on, guys? 
**Robert Strong** *[00:10]*: Appreciate the quick turnaround. 
**Billy Leigh** *[00:13]*: It's what we do, man. That's what we do, quite literally. Hey, Rob, you had asked some questions about Fireflies earlier. So you can see, like, in the chat, it's like, hey, I'm here, right? And then you can see how there's a visual and then I can share my screen with some, like, really quickly with some of the stuff. It enables for us just to knock that out before we get going. Apologies for the infinity mirror here, but. Picture. And picture is open. So you can see how, like, it'll. It provides a summary of the meeting. Right. Like, this is the live transcript. Yeah, There are AI notes. So it's kind of like the big, high level, any meeting prep you've provided. But then also you can ask it to, like, catch me up on the last minute. 
**Billy Leigh** *[01:13]*: Are there any action items, Summarize the meeting so far and suggest questions. And this is all driven by our internal, like, knowledge. Right. And so it collects and picks up on and builds, like, who we are and what we do. But then it also, like, reads our website and finds relevant material. So sometimes towards the end of a conversation, I'll like, click this action items and be like, okay, here's what we all said were going to do. Or if the conversation is kind of stalling or whatever, I'll ask it to suggest questions. And then one other thing is, anytime we talk to someone with a thick accent, if you can't really understand them, it's super helpful to just go to the transcript and it picks it up perfectly. So kind of an edge use case. We've discovered all that we can discuss later. 
**Billy Leigh** *[02:03]*: I know it's not the point of the conversation, but just figured since you were asking earlier, it's easier to just show it while it was up and then we can not detract from the actual conversation. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[02:13]*: Well, it is related. Right? Like, you can integrate Fireflies with a CRM and just get all those transcripts to go directly in there. And then you don't have to yell at your sales team for not logging their call notes. Right. It just kind of happens automatically. So that's another benefit. 
**Robert Strong** *[02:32]*: Great to know. Thanks for that overview. So you got Jason on here. Jason's. I started last week. Jason's been with MILES now, what, 13, 14, 15 years? Something like that. 
**jason** *[02:44]*: Jason, where are we at now? Heading on 12 and change is where we're at. 
**Billy Leigh** *[02:51]*: Awesome. That's rare these days, man. That's awesome. 
**Robert Strong** *[02:56]*: So there's been an initiative in turn. I'll turn it over to Jason on what we're really looking to do, but basically an initiation on just how do we manage our relationships and contacts and deals better. So Jason's been kind of leading the charge here internally on it to figure out the best way to do that. So, Billy, given our background and known each other for 20 years and what you guys have been building and doing, that it makes sense to just get on the call and let Jason describe what we're looking to do and then ask. Ask questions and just make it a live discussion. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[03:31]*: Sure. 
**Billy Leigh** *[03:32]*: Yeah. 
**jason** *[03:32]*: Love it. Okay, great. Well, I guess, Billy, do you. I mean, how much of a background just on us do you need? Or should I just start from the beginning to see? 
**Billy Leigh** *[03:49]*: It's probably easiest for you to just talk through your role, you know, what are your hopes and dreams and wishes, Right. If. If you had a magic wand and then talk us through what's going on currently. And then our job is to, you know, kind of synthesize and use all our skills and experience to say, here's the direction. You know, we think you should go. Some things you should look at. Here's how you can leverage us. Here's how you can get it done yourself, if that's the direction you want to go. 
**jason** *[04:15]*: Okay, so. Well, Milestone is a. Essentially a private equity, you know, real estate platform. Not too dissimilar from where Rob's been his last couple steps, just on a much smaller scale. But so we're, you know, we're out there acquiring multifamily through a private equity fund, a billion dollar fund. And, you know, essentially what. Let's just give you the quick snippet there. What we're trying to accomplish in the investment group. You know, the investment team has been for the last, I don't know, probably couple years, because we have. I'm in Atlanta with a small office. We have an office in Dallas. We have a guy in Denver, and we have another small office in South Florida. So we've got across just our little team, several people in different locations. We're all out and about talking to folks. 
**jason** *[05:19]*: We're in the office on the phone talking with people. We. So it's. What were trying to accomplish is think at the basic level, just a way to simply track our context, our interactions between our people, their people, and, you know, just really so we know, hey, who's talking to who? When did they talk to him last? So we're not stepping over each other and try to integrate what we're talking about. I think I'm not as concerned yet as trying to turn it into a deal flow manager as well. We do that. I mean we're tracking potential deals on there. A deal is a deal. Right. We're following the deal but it's really more just as a. With a. A broad brush. How is our company and all of our folks interacting with all the people we know out there and are. 
**jason** *[06:29]*: Are there ways to right. Cross pollinate? So if I just met somebody randomly, I've never heard of that firm. Let me go look it up. Rob knows somebody over there. He talked to him two weeks ago. I don't necessarily care what they talked about. It's really just trying to keep track of all the touch points. So that was kind of how it got started. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[06:55]*: Sure. 
**jason** *[06:56]*: And what I guess I don't know how it felt to me honestly. But what I found just visiting, demoing this the CRMs right is they are. They are much more structured. They are built right. For more of a purpose like taking. I. I got to know. I met Susie Q. Yep. I just. She called me. I dialed her in our list of people to call and now I'm trying to sell her my widget and all the steps in between that. You know that's really what they're built for. And so for what we're trying to do which is a little more of a simple function, it just. They all seem to be rather clunky. They were trying to do way too many things and frankly did a whole lot of things we just really didn't need Anyway. So what did you look at? Is what. 
**Billy Leigh** *[07:57]*: What have you looked at? 
**jason** *[07:58]*: Gosh, I've looked at affinity. We did use or I guess we still use for our separate. A separate function. We use Zoho which I thought was just God awful. 
**Billy Leigh** *[08:16]*: It is, yeah. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[08:17]*: It's pretty terrible. 
**jason** *[08:20]*: There's got to be at least a couple others. So it took me a while but I finally ended up somebody you know because what you find out talking to people just out there, you ask hey, how do you do all this? And most people just say we do it the old school way. And it's because. Right. It just at the end of the day it's just easier. You don't have to learn something new and right. It's not as cumbersome. But I then I did talk to one guy at a similar type shop and he said they really liked air table. 
**jason** *[09:02]*: Now they used it for this and many other like they Have I think a team of their own, people that are, you know, I guess data scientists that are able to really work within that program or application, I guess it's called and for a variety of reasons. So yeah, they're able to build their own. Yeah, and that's in there. 
**Billy Leigh** *[09:28]*: That's what airtable is built around is it's got like a handful of boxes, right. And if your data fits in those boxes, you can build a process around it. So like airtable Notion Monday, those are all, they're first and foremost like project management tools that you can use as a CRM. And if that works for you and you have the energy to keep up with that and build that and come up the learning curve, that's great. And if that's a path you want to go down, we can certainly help you. Look at that. We have clients who are using the Monday CRM function, what we typically see. And so maybe let me just zoom back out here. So I started this firm two years ago, right. My background was in accounting, right. 
**Billy Leigh** *[10:18]*: I was in spend some time in the Marine Corps, TCU Master and accounting, went to Deloitte, was in their audit program, hated my life, got into technology, data analytics, data automation. Went to a firm called river on, helped them stand up their data and analytics practice and then went to a firm called Embark and helped them stand up their holistic management consulting practice. So I have spent my life at a strategy and operations level looking at how people processes and then finally technology, right? Like that's the last piece of the puzzle. Solve business problems like this. The problem you're dealing with is not unique. You have a business development function inside of for all intents and purposes, right? It's a professional services role. You are the way you interact with your clients. 
**Billy Leigh** *[11:04]*: And we've helped family offices here in town like Stratford Land, who they buy real estate and do horizontal development. We've helped other private equity groups and somewhere in my life we have worked with a real estate private equity group. The names escape me now, but I've been doing this for about 15 years. So what you're talking about, like the function holistically is known as revenue operations. And Cameron and Kyle are experts in revenue operations. The piece of software you're talking about is a CRM, right? And there's a number of them out there. Your really big ones are like Microsoft Dynamics and Salesforce. Salesforce, probably the most popular one. 
**Billy Leigh** *[11:47]*: You then have a layer all the way at the bottom where airtable and those types of build it yourself tools live and Then you have in the middle tools like Zoho and HubSpot and there's a number of others that are, they're purpose built. But what you do want to do in a situation like this is understand your requirements, right? Basically your process and your people. And then you would implement a system like Zoho or like HubSpot or, you know, there's a number of others so that it, that technology inherits your business process instead of dictating your business process. Right. We fit our business process around what's available when we first open the application. You set it up so that who you're selling to, who you're developing relationships with, who you're talking to, the information that's being captured, how it's being captured. 
**Billy Leigh** *[12:42]*: When someone creates a contact, is it as easy as clicking a button inside of their email? Right, because that's how we do it, is there's just a, if I, you know, click on my email client and someone's in there that has never been in there, I can just see all of that automatically or I can Click add to HubSpot and then I can tag them to companies, I can tag them to deals. When this conversation is over, HubSpot's gonna let me know that Jason is now a contact and that milestone is now a company in our system. And the transcript from this conversation will automatically be logged there. 
**Billy Leigh** *[13:13]*: So that if Cameron or Kyle or, you know, Weston over here is, has a conversation, is in the middle of a conversation with someone, they can pull up that app on their phone and say, who else do we know here? So like at a baseline that internal collaboration is really helpful so that we're not stepping on each other's toes. But then it becomes so much more powerful as you learn to use those core functionalities, you'll get a sense for what else is possible and how other groups like yours use their CRM, what's working well, and you can slowly start to evolve or scale a system based on your needs and what you're seeing. Because we have a lot of clients who do this. They've never used a CRM or they've never used one properly. 
**Billy Leigh** *[13:58]*: We implement it well or functionality, they end up using it and now they save so much time, things are so much more access to information. And then they say, oh well, shit, can it also do this? Can it also do that? And the answer is typically yes. But we're here to help think through, like, does it make sense for you guys to even engage in that? But then also as we Go through the process of understanding what you are trying to get out of a CRM. Specifically help you by looking at your current processes and saying, okay, here's. Here's what you do today. Here's a walkthrough of it. Here's what other organizations in your space and that are using these sets of tools are doing as like, best practices. 
**Billy Leigh** *[14:38]*: And then it's set up because we can just narrow everything down in terms of the information you need to enter to put a contact in and how that stuff is captured so that it becomes really streamlined. It doesn't mean you don't have to learn something new and it doesn't mean there isn't like a, you know, an uncomfortableness or change there. But once it's adopted, you know, it becomes the way you ultimately drive the growth of the business and the number of deals you're able to attract and look at and analyze and ultimately, you know, buy. 
**jason** *[15:15]*: Yeah, I guess the way. I mean, other than I was pointed towards airtable when I did the demo and I had to do it, you know, a few times. 
**Robert Strong** *[15:26]*: Can you. 
**jason** *[15:27]*: To make sure I was getting the gist. But like, the one thing that it did, the one thing that CRM seemed to. It's like they had a hole in their capability. It was like, Brian, you can have a contact or an account or whatever it is. Account, that seems to be the big word, right? But it was like, you know, Jason Wise and then I'm going to convert him to a client. I can see all my interactions with him. What, what they all struggle with was how to like, so you have all these different people and they all work for one company. So you got 100 people or 20 people work for the same company. And what I was trying to do was see to be able to interconnect. So like, if I wanted to see, I could click on a person. 
**jason** *[16:20]*: I could see everybody at our firm that talked to them. I clicked on the company. I could see all of our people that talked to somebody at that company. The problem was that they seem to be almost like each account was isolated in a way. It was like it was hard to bring everything kind of like in a full circle. There was always something that was missing where I couldn't just all of our interactions. 
**Billy Leigh** *[16:52]*: And that's where, you know, moving up from that like airtable level is HubSpot's just more customizable. And so we use it internally. We've. We've implemented it in a number of different organizations. I do have like a bias for it, but we are a partner with them because it's for the cost. It is like the most dynamic and useful and no one ever like balks at the cost of a HubSpot implementation. Right. We do implement all sorts of other CRMs, but we typically tell people to kind of like start there and if for some reason we can't fit HubSpot around your business needs and that's how all good software implementations work is you're not trying to, you don't just open them out of the box and they work for you. You're always going to run into issues like what you're talking about. 
**Billy Leigh** *[17:41]*: But I mean even in our instance, if we look at our contacts and I look at, let's say, Robert Vargo, Internet's a little slow here today. 
**jason** *[18:03]*: Oh, that's not good. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:04]*: Yeah. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[18:05]*: And Jason, kind of what you're describing is an out of the box function within HubSpot, right. Is that activity association? Not only that is, you know, as a PE firm or another organization, you might have multiple layers. 
**Billy Leigh** *[18:18]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[18:18]*: You might have a parent organization subsidy and they might have to do more to that. And it sounds like, I mean just kind of read between the lines is you want to make sure you're not stepping on each other's toes, right. That you're not confusing the client, that you're not having territory wars, so to speak, if you want to make sure who's actively talking to a deal. So yeah, just to echo how spot does that kind of out of the box. Most, Most of these CRMs do Zoho with an asterisk if they set it up. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:48]*: Right. 
**jason** *[18:49]*: Yeah. I mean still there was all it felt like that's on the built purpose built CRM. So not airtable but all those other ones, there was always something at the end of the day with it was missing a link. And of course they would say, oh well, we could build it for you that way. But it just, it got to sound so complicated that it wasn't going to be worth the squeeze. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[19:15]*: Yeah. So. Well, and just to address that, Jason, so especially I mean with any system, but in a big industry like private equity, right. There are a lot of tools that come out that are vertical specific and they build something for you or for the industry out of the box. Right. That addresses a singular pain point and it maybe does a really good job doing that. But because the target market of. 
**Billy Leigh** *[19:46]*: You. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[19:46]*: Know, an industry specific tool is so much smaller than a non industry specific tool, they create really good features for those top pain points. But once you start to extend beyond that, they just don't do a good job of investing and keeping up with the features. They're typically not as easy to customize. And then the integrations are a lot more difficult because there's just not as many integrations that come out of the box. So when you look at integrating this with different tools across your operations, they usually end up falling short. So all that to say it's very likely that there could be something that needs to be custom built to achieve, like what your vision is. It's just always a trade off, right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[20:39]*: Is you know, do you want to buy it and then get it to work out of the box and avoid those costs or do you want to, you know, pay for those, pay for that customization up front? And then the software often ends up being cheaper in the long run. Right. It's just a, it's just a trade off of what's important now versus the future. 
**Billy Leigh** *[21:06]*: Yeah. And I mean if you're talking about a system that is going to drive the most value and then ROI from what you spend on it, you have really three of them. You have your CRM, you have your ERP from an operations standpoint and then you have your system of record finance and accounting. Like those are the three systems every company in the world should have. And most only have the finance and accounting ERP and the rest is done with Excel. But to your point, like this is a client of ours, APC Consulting. I can very quickly just get it to this overview tab. I can see everything I need to know about this company. Here are, you know, summary notes. It has a AI feature here that we can chat with. I can see all the contacts at this company. 
**Billy Leigh** *[21:59]*: I can see deals that are in different lead stages. I can see the deals we've won with these guys. All of our recent activities. I can go down into a more detailed level of look, these are meetings that are coming up here, meetings we've had recently. We can see who all was on the call. I mean this is everything I could want to know. And we don't enter any of this information. Right. We create the contact and when we email them or we jump on a call with them, anything that's associated with their email address, we can immediately get all this information. And then you'll see in these, where we have different. Levels of detail, right. When there's some sort of information that needs to be known or shared. But then I can go the opposite direction, right. 
**Billy Leigh** *[22:58]*: Where if I want to look At Trent Hayes. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[23:00]*: Right. 
**Billy Leigh** *[23:00]*: I don't want to see the company globally. We can see all the meetings we've had with him, where he works, who he knows. Right. Because we can start to associate him with other things and contract contacts and deals. It just becomes how you set the system up so that it's capturing the information you want, but the purpose is so that it's giving you what you need and it's as easy to grab that information as possible. 
**jason** *[23:24]*: Right. 
**Billy Leigh** *[23:25]*: That is a CRM and that's the baseline purpose. Now HubSpot has a million other things and you only, you know, access those things when you pay for them. But. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[23:39]*: Well, and to address what the use case you brought up, Jason, like wanting to see who all has interacted with a contact or a company and have those all be associated with each other. That's, that's out of the box with HubSpot. And then the other thing that we just, we've done it a number of times. We just wrapped up another client. They do a lot of work in private equity and they want to know all the portfolio companies there that are associated with a private equity that they're working with. We created associations so that they have like a taxonomy and a process for connecting those companies. So all that stuff comes out of the box. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[24:20]*: And like Billy was just saying, if you're looking for something that just automatically tracks emails and calls and meetings and it just all kind of shows up based on integrations with the, you know, email, or if you guys are using like a calling app or something like that, all of that can be logged automatically into a tool like HubSpot. But you know, I'm sure there's some other potential use cases we would need to explore before making. 
**jason** *[24:52]*: Yeah, and I guess that's a good, like a sidebar. I mean, I'm not convinced that having it do everything, whatever the product is, having it do everything automatically is in our best interest. I mean, if I, I guess my, if I try to make it sound simple, right? If I sent Rob an email and I was like, hey, how about that Super Bowl? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[25:20]*: Yeah. Yeah, well, you can block email domains, right? Like you can just block your company domain. So if you, anything internal like that's an out of the box feature and if there was another circumstance where like you don't want anything with your private equity sponsor in there or something, right. Like you can create rules to do that kind of stuff as well as. 
**jason** *[25:41]*: Well. Well, I guess I'm, I guess because, you know, what's different about what we're talking about is like most of these people, right. Like we already know, like it's not a. Yeah, just somebody. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[25:55]*: Not an outbound cold call center. 
**jason** *[25:57]*: Right. It's somebody like a lot of these people we've probably known for years and years. So I guess I'm just thinking of it practically, like Lord knows what I'm emailing and talking with. 
**Robert Strong** *[26:10]*: Sure. 
**jason** *[26:13]*: It'S bad. I just, I don't need all that noise in there. 
**Billy Leigh** *[26:16]*: Yeah, yeah, well, but the, for lack of a better term, like the transaction level detail gets filtered out because all that noise is in there. Sure, if you needed to find something deep down in the noise, but you'd have to dig for it because what you're trying to gather is the high level summary of the information and that's what filters to the top to begin with. This is not. This is a system that should capture everything and tell you only what you need to know because you never know what you're going to have to go back and ask it to summarize up at the top to tell you what you need to know. 
**Billy Leigh** *[26:50]*: And it's not a system where you know, finance and accounting system of record where every detail has to be perfect and you only capture what you think you'll need to know based on the GL right at that minute. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:02]*: And it just depends like what's important. Right. Do you have a team that's going to be diligent about making sure that they go in and log an email or a text or a call if that stuff doesn't flow in automatically, if it's important, if there are consequences or if there's a carrot to doing all of that, then people will do it and it's just a trade off, right? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[27:27]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:27]*: Do you want this happen or do you want to require people to manually do it? Either is technically possible and doable. 
**Robert Strong** *[27:34]*: And yeah, I think it needs to be a combination of what Jason pointed to, of not capturing all the little stuff that shouldn't go into it, but also like having it automated for the important pieces because we had deal cloud at my last shop and going in manually and putting all the information in or right clicking on a calendar invite and like tagging and all. Just a pain in the ass to do it. So there needs to be a level of automation that makes it easy for us kind of old archaic guys that don't want to waste time just uploading things into a system. Let me ask you one question. 
**Robert Strong** *[28:10]*: I know we're running up on time but once you kind of get things up and running and you kind of tailor it to our needs, like which one is easier to work with on an ongoing basis between Airtable and Hub stop, which one is going to make it more efficient? There's always a learning curve from the get go. Right, but which one over time would you guys say makes it more easy for a 65 year old guy to use as well as a 25 year old guy or girl? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[28:40]*: I mean that 65 year old guy maybe has been working in and out of spreadsheets for a few decades, so they might better at that out of the gate. 
**jason** *[28:51]*: Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[28:52]*: It's just a more familiar UX because that's like the first UX we had on the computer. 
**jason** *[28:58]*: Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[29:01]*: But I, I personally think that HubSpot is a lot more user friendly and it's way more difficult to fuck up. Right. Like because of permissions and settings. The 65 year old isn't going to accidentally, you know, fuck up some badass airtable process that you're, you know, savvy intern built and everything's flowing together. But they clicked the wrong thing because again, it's just like a G sheet. 
**Billy Leigh** *[29:31]*: Yeah. Airtable is going to be more like a really good model that someone built and Excel and HubSpot is going to be more like a system that captures and processes and synthesizes information for you. It just depends on what you're looking for. But like I live in HubSpot and I don't enter in it. Like when someone emails me or I sit on a meeting, it automatically creates them. Well if it's an email I could I click it because I don't want all my emails being captured back and forth between like Rob's email. 
**Robert Strong** *[30:03]*: You can be selective on emails 100%. 
**Billy Leigh** *[30:06]*: And then if I jump on a video call with someone, it creates them as a contact and if I never need to think about them again, then they just sit in like a long list of contacts. But then I have my contacts of which there are thousands, then I have like 20 leads all from my personal network. And I can see is this new meaning I need to reach out, am I attempting meaning we have a meeting set but we haven't had it or are we connected and then once we connect with that person right this today and you guys are like, yeah, we want to talk about this. I would have that lead pipeline and say qualify and then it moves into a sales pipeline. So now I know, is this deal qualified? Right. Meaning there may be Something here. Is it scoped? 
**Billy Leigh** *[30:45]*: Meaning we have all the information we need to give you guys an online and a price. And then is it proposed? Have we sent that over and had a conversation about it? Once that deal closes, either won or lost, it moves into the rest of our systems downstream. But I can also see how many meetings a week our sales team is having, how many contacts are created, how many deals are created, who is doing what, who's selling what, who's closed what. So that as an executive, I can manage this team holistically without having to keep up with a bunch of. And sit on a bunch of calls. 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:16]*: Because if I want an update on something, I go there first, I ask the AI and then if I have questions, I go to them or I just yell at them because they didn't put it in HubSpot. And it drives me nuts. 
**jason** *[31:28]*: But. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[31:31]*: The other things, like, I'm assuming most sale. Like most sales people. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[31:34]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[31:34]*: Like to work from your phone play. Sorry, go ahead. 
**Billy Leigh** *[31:38]*: Cameron and Kyle are good to stay on, but I do have to jump for a 2 o'. Clock. I'm happy to follow up with you, Jason and Rob after. But Rob, I explained to you we can help you get all the way to. How much does this cost and licensing implementation. How much time will it take? We do all that strategy work for free and then we only charge money when we implement something. And what you guys are talking about is a small project for all intents and purposes. So happy to help continue this conversation and get into a scoping. But let us know what you need and I'll follow up with you later. Make sure you don't have any questions. Rob. 
**jason** *[32:13]*: All right. 
**Robert Strong** *[32:13]*: Thanks, Billy. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[32:14]*: Jason, good to meet you. Nice seeing it. 
**jason** *[32:20]*: Yeah. I mean, I'm not, you know, again, I think one thing I'll keep. It's kind of more the. The deal part of the sales tracking. I'm not sure. I feel like that may come later. I don't know if that's the. That's a goal right now. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[32:39]*: Yeah. 
**jason** *[32:40]*: That may be too many steps forward. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[32:42]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[32:42]*: And it's something we could exclude altogether if you don't want to devote the brain power to it. But typically in this situation, we're talking about what Kyle, like an extra 15 minutes. Right. To set up a deal pipeline just in terms of discovery. Right. It's like just us understanding how could you potentially use this? What does it typically look like? Because a deal in your world, I imagine the main deal that you're wanting to track is like an investment. 
**jason** *[33:11]*: Right. Well, yeah, and I think the problem, which is why there's a lot of, there's specialty products just for that, is because we look at so many. 
**Billy Leigh** *[33:28]*: And. 
**jason** *[33:28]*: We'Re, we're really talking about, like. So for instance, you know, I'm talking to Joe over at, you know, CB Richard Ellis. Well, he could have down 20 deals associated with them, and half of which I don't, most of which I don't care about. So, you know, I, I worry that's. I don't know, I'm not sure. Yeah, that's really where we're heading because we only write, we laser in on certain deals and I guess if you can just attach a name of a deal that's interesting to somebody, that's fine. But like I. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:09]*: The 20 deals you described, I don't think would meet our criteria, right? Like there'd be an initial stage in the deal stage and there'd be some sort of criteria. In a lot of people's. In a sales world, the most simple qualification is budget authority. Need timing. So there'd be some sort of criteria where you start to give a shit, right? And you want to track and keep up with and do something with that. So we would just help you determine and create a process. All right, when do we give a shit, right? Like what are the criteria that we need to hit that then communicates to Jason and Robert and the C team? All right, here are live deals that we could potentially be interested in. And if it's created, that means this and that criteria have all been met. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:56]*: And then you can start to, you know, you as an individual can manage it better. But then we can also create reports that can, you know, inform business development leaders, it can inform the C team, it can inform the board, right. If they want to know about deal flow and activity and conversion rate from one stage to the next. It's. I think ultimately it would just require us having a little bit more discovery to understand, you know, what do you guys want to have happen? What would be helpful? And then we could tell you what would be useful or not. 
**Robert Strong** *[35:29]*: Yeah, I mean, from my perspective, I think first and foremost is kind of relationship management across our different regional offices on who are key relationships and who are we talking to and logging that, those conversations and logging the contact with each one of these firms. As I think about a mortgage, basically even like tying in like every deal that Joe with CBRE you get a blast from. You could look at Joe and say, are these are all the deals in your email Inbox that Joe is launched to the market so you can have that background on like, all right, Jose Berry. Jason knows him, Rob knows him, Kyle knows them. And then Joe has also worked on all these deals over the course of the last year. To me that's the next step. But first and foremost it's kind of relationship management. 
**Robert Strong** *[36:24]*: Would you say that's accurate, Jason? 
**jason** *[36:27]*: I think so. Only be in, you know, because we do have other processes in place to do a lot of that. Those other things, the deal pipeline, the deal tracking, just, you know, from start to finish on a particular deal. And so that would be a, it's, I feel like it would always be if this was whatever, right. HubSpot or whatever really works, then it would be all right, is there other things we can put into that platform? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[37:07]*: And that's what I would suggest off the bat. I mean like don't throw everything at once because then no one will adopt it. Like start with the simplest thing you can do first, activity capture and knowing the landscape, make sure that's nice and clean, user friendly activity, captures, automated. Right. Then you have that. Then people start living in there. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[37:29]*: Right? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[37:30]*: And that's when you see, okay, hey, does it make more sense to bring this deal piece to it? But can my reps or my team easily access this information from their phone, from a computer, know exactly what they need to know and not have to do a bunch of manual entry. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[37:47]*: How are you guys managing the deals today? Where do those live? 
**jason** *[37:53]*: Well, I guess for what we're talking about here, the relationship management, we, that's the one thing we don't have a great process for. So that's why. 
**Billy Leigh** *[38:03]*: Yeah. 
**jason** *[38:06]*: Look, we're living in a combination of Excel and Teams. And you know, it's like because I guess the, because the contacts, right. And all these companies we deal with is one thing where we have a lot, right? Thousands actual deals that we're looking at and actually processing really on a relative scale is not that many. So yeah, you know, this while we're talking about, with the relationships and all these contacts we have and trying to keep them kind of in some kind of order, that's where we're like, we're just drowning in the sheer number of things. 
**Robert Strong** *[38:54]*: I think it's also, you know, management and Big Brother wanting to see kind of what conversations everyone is having. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[39:04]*: See, that's, that's usually the case, right? It's like, hey, management wants to see what's going on at the Low level. But then at the lowest level of org, and then at the lowest level of org, it's like, okay, we gotta. 
**Billy Leigh** *[39:15]*: Ask me to put all this information. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[39:16]*: In and so that you can't do what you need to do. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[39:20]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[39:20]*: And so I would say that's where this, that's why these things exist, right? Hey, you got the information you need, let these guys operate. 
**jason** *[39:29]*: Right? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[39:29]*: This is the system or process that kind of handles us well. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[39:34]*: And I think you can also, you know, you can start to create reports right around activity. What, what does call volume look like activity? Volume meetings. You know, how many accounts are they touching over the course of a week, of a month, etc? And I, and I do think like as you know, your, you know, Robert, yourself and leadership, as they get comfortable seeing reports like that, it'll be nice to get some of the deal information in there eventually as well. Just because then you can just send them a link, right? Like here's a link. You can, you want to know what's going on. It's all in there. You don't have to put together slide decks. You don't have to export reports. Yeah, yeah, you can just hand it over and say if you have questions, you give me a call. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[40:23]*: It's there every day. It updates live, less board prep. All that, all that good stuff. 
**Robert Strong** *[40:31]*: Well, I'm not sure how excited Jason and I are about them management putting together reports on all of our minute to minute activity every single day. Yeah, so we keep that between us ladies here. But at the same time, like they're asking for something. They want to see progress on our relationship management and just, you know, we're all in different offices, right. So we really got to get coordinated across a combined effort. Well, that's relationships that we've built and that's the, that's thesis. Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:06]*: Okay. 
**Robert Strong** *[41:07]*: Coordinated. And we don't look like idiots reaching out to the same people multiple times. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:12]*: Yeah, well, and so that, I mean that's helpful context, so thank you. I think some stuff that comes to mind is showing meetings and showing the number of contacts that we are communicating with week to week. And if there is a. 
**Billy Leigh** *[41:36]*: I'm thinking. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:37]*: Of like, you know, the Kyle. A version of like a software demo meeting or a qualification meeting. Right. Like if there are different types of meetings that it's not a deal, it's not something that we want to start tracking closely, but it's maybe a higher quality conversation than just, hey, did you catch the Super Bowl? You know, how are your Kids soccer teams going this season or whatever. Right. If there was a certain meeting type or a qualified lead that would be worth tracking. Those are the types of things that if you guys really explain to us from start to finish, from somebody you've never met to a warm relationship to a qualified conversation up to a deal that we close and invest in. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[42:26]*: If we talk through that whole process, we could help design the system so that there are these moments in time that we can then track and then you don't have to say, hey, we made these many calls and emails this month. It's more about, here are the accounts we had meetings with. Here are the deals that look live. Here are the qualified conversations. Right. And you can just show them that activity on top of saying, hey, we have a modern CRM like we've come into, you know, the 2000s. Right. We have a system that is actually supporting us. I think that could be a big win for you guys. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[43:05]*: Basically get them off earbud and you get to do what you want to and you have easy reference. Bold material. 
**jason** *[43:11]*: Right? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:13]*: Yeah. 
**Robert Strong** *[43:13]*: Is the only way to automate it is through Fireflies in conjunction with that or if you have either of those. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:20]*: Two platforms, it's a native integration with Gmail Outlook. If you can call through the seat. Oh, go ahead. 
**Robert Strong** *[43:32]*: Use a type out notes for both. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:34]*: Oh, got it. Yeah, yeah. Fireflies, Otter. There's a ton of these transcription tools at this point. We've tried them all. We've tried Otter twice, Kyle. I don't think you were around for that. So we landed on Fireflies because it has really good functionality and it's just a good tool. I would say it's in the same quality as a tool like Otter. It's way less expensive than Otter. So that's how we landed on it as a small business. 
**Robert Strong** *[44:10]*: All right, Jason, anything else you want to. 
**jason** *[44:14]*: I mean, I guess to. I guess. Let's say we. Because I think, I mean, I think from our end we gotten as smart as we can to this point on Airtable, I think so if were interested in just learning more about practically how HubSpot works, like how does that. How do you do that? How would you recommend the next step? Is there. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:48]*: I mean, there's infinite resources. They have a knowledge base that has a ton of stuff. We could point you in the direction of like some explainer videos and some demos. We'd be happy to pop open the tool and click around and show you what it could look like. It's definitely not because it is a system and not like a point solution. Sometimes demos are helpful, sometimes they're not. There's a shit ton of features. It just kind of depends on how deep you guys want to go, I think. Where. 
**jason** *[45:23]*: Well, I feel like for our group is right as Rob said, we do have a kind of a spectrum of, you know, capabilities, ages and yeah, so what I did with showing them Airtable, I basically had the guy build me. I mean, it's got to be the most basic thing, you know, he's probably ever done. But I was like, look, I just needed to do this and this. Don't show me all this. I know it can do all these other things, so let's stay away from that and focus on what our immediate need is. Try to keep it, the functionality very basic. Because I do think if we got down the road on something, they were trying to do a demo and it's got all this stuff going on the side. 
**jason** *[46:08]*: Even if you're like, oh, you don't have to have that, I think people's heads are going to explode. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[46:13]*: Well, I was going to say it's like we can, you know, that's kind of where we're picked you on. It's like you can make it as basic as you want to, right? No activity feeds, like, hey, I just want to know this. Okay, I want another company, click here, couple fields, right? And then in the meantime, if you need to run reports for management, all that data kind of just lives in the back end and you can make reports off of it. 
**Billy Leigh** *[46:33]*: Right? 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[46:33]*: So the UX for y' all is as simple as you want it to be. But the data that you may need for the data nerds and data, whatever you want to call it, executive reporting, like it's all there, you just don't have to make it visible. Same thing with like a mobile app, right? Same premise. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[46:50]*: Yeah. And you can set up user permissions and make sure people can only access certain parts of the system. They can't change certain parts of the system. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[46:59]*: You make it as idiot proof as you can. Yeah, it's pretty, pretty. 
**jason** *[47:04]*: Now when you are recording an instant or whatever, it's however you want to describe it, grabbing the occurrence, is it one or the other? Like it's either automated or like, can you bounce between? Like if I just, I'm talking to somebody for five minutes and you know what, I just want to type in a couple notes. Can I do that? Do I have that? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[47:26]*: Oh, yeah. You just Manually. Want to log a call. I don't have like an sms, provide like a text provider connected to HubSpot. And I text with a lot of my clients, so I'll just for my own sanity text something that went on and because I'll need to set a reminder that I need to check back up with them in a day or a week or whatever it is. So you can log calls, emails, texts, all. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[47:49]*: Yeah, you can just like, it didn't have to be like all the details, right? You can be like, hey, that was completed. This was completed. Yeah, roll it up to the account. 
**jason** *[47:56]*: Literally just a handful of words. We talked about this and checklist touch base in a couple of weeks. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:03]*: Right, well. And if you're about to, you know, cross the line on a call like this, I can go kick the fireflies out of the meeting and we can get into it. Right. Like, it's all customizable. 
**Robert Strong** *[48:15]*: Yeah. Jason, that bare bones Air table, it felt like it was like a shared Excel sheet, right? It was like, is it. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[48:26]*: That's kind of what Air table is. It's just. 
**jason** *[48:28]*: Yeah, I mean, I wish I had. But he, that's what he basically said in the background. It's just like this giant spreadsheet that you're. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[48:36]*: It's just a big database, cloud database. That's all it is. That's all any of these things are. Just huge Excel spreadsheets. It's just the look and feel. 
**jason** *[48:43]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:44]*: I think, I think a good next step would be to set up another call and have you guys walk through the sales process for the investment process and explain what are the different roles of the people that you need to manage their relationships. What are those conversations like, what are the outcomes of those conversations? What do we want to get them to? And then when we actually have a deal live, how does that happen? What are the stages of that? How does that get pushed along? What's a good deal, what's a bad deal? And I think from there we would have a good idea of what are the different contacts, companies and potentially deals we would want to monitor. What are the various properties you would want, the different stages that you would want to potentially track. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[49:39]*: And yeah, I think out of the box or out of the gate rather there will be. There's the 65 year old guy that you're getting the reminder that they haven't logged into HubSpot in 60 days and their account's going to get deleted. So you got to go tell him to like log back in or turn that automation off or something. But you at least know that his emails are auto tracking, his meetings are auto tracking. So you're getting something into the system and then you're going to get power users that become really good at this kind of stuff. And then, Robert, you're going to learn. All right. There's this one property that is actually really important because it helps me manage the team better, it helps me communicate up the leadership. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[50:17]*: And if there's one thing that you need to make sure is updated in HubSpot, it's this. Because then that allows us all to know where our deals are at or how many qualified meetings we'll have, whatever that metric is that you need to, you know, report on. I think that stuff will kind of be learned over time. 
**jason** *[50:40]*: Yeah. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[50:44]*: Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[50:44]*: Does that sound helpful, you guys? I mean, where are you guys at in the process? Does it. Does it sound helpful to get, you know, a recommendation from us on what we would build in HubSpot, given your situation? 
**Robert Strong** *[51:00]*: Yeah, let Jason and I huddle up. 
**jason** *[51:02]*: Yeah. 
**Robert Strong** *[51:03]*: Annually. I think it's. We're trying to keep this as simple as possible while being efficient on a learning curve as well as an ongoing automated thing that we can actually control as well. So I think it really is kind of as simple as loading in all of our contacts and then our deal activity in terms of all the conversations and relationships that were conversations that we're having with various relationships. If we can talk about how that can translate also into some of the deals that we're looking at through these relationships, great. But I think first and foremost it's how are we coordinating all of our meetings and relationships across the US that's kind of bare bones what we're really looking for here. And, you know, like I said, we did the old cloud and manually and putting it. 
**jason** *[52:01]*: I. 
**Robert Strong** *[52:03]*: Stopped doing that after two months because it was just a pain in the ass and can't. It takes up like an hour of your day, which is. Nobody has an extra hour to spare. So trying to just like, figure out a way to make this really efficient for everybody. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[52:17]*: Okay, where does all of that data live now? 
**jason** *[52:25]*: Yep. 
**Robert Strong** *[52:25]*: Jason said, Rob said we, like, write notes to ourselves. If we go to a big conference, we write down notes and share it with the team. 
**jason** *[52:35]*: But yeah, it's in my. To my. It's in my OneNote, which is. 
**Billy Leigh** *[52:40]*: Right. 
**jason** *[52:40]*: That's kind of the crux of the. How do I get what's in my OneNote basically into. So everybody. Not that again. This is less checking up on this. Just sharing information. 
**Robert Strong** *[52:54]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[52:56]*: Information share. 
**Billy Leigh** *[52:58]*: Okay. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[52:59]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[52:59]*: Well, I mean, HubSpot has a free CRM. Obviously, it's highly limited in their feature. So, Jason, if you wanted to start poking around today, you could do that. I believe in order to get the email integration, you got to, you know, of course, you got to. You got to pay to get that set up. So, I mean, we could get you pointed in the right direction in terms of what tier we would suggest. I think that they've got a new, cheaper version of the CRM. Kyle, I'm not sure if you're up on it, but it's like, it's not starter anymore. It's like smart CRM or something like that, I think. And it's like 29 bucks a user or something like that. So they've got a fairly cheap version. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[53:52]*: And if you guys get the integration set up with Gmail, Google Calendar, whatever you use, that will start to get contacts flowing into it. You could have everybody, you know, manually import all their contacts from their email, from their spreadsheet, whatever, and you guys could start getting everything into the system. So if you really want to dumb it down and, you know, you don't want to use a partner and you just want to get going and get everything in, you guys could, you know, kind of work it through. Work through it on your end that way. Like I said, if you're. If you're looking for some guidance and kind of put together a plan. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[54:32]*: And again, like, we would give you a recommendation on what we would do and you guys can, you know, or we want to do this, but not that, and you can kind of piecemeal it from there. 
**jason** *[54:45]*: How does it get. How does all of our info, like all the right contacts, let's just call it that. How does it get in there and how does it get, I don't know, what's the right word? I guess formatted or, you know, so there's not quadruplets of the same. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[55:02]*: Yeah, so I'll answer that question. I think that's. I mean, you're hitting on a really good point is with any thing to do like this is to have a clean data set going in, right? So HubSpot does an okay job with. It'll always detect duplicate emails, and it will do its best to detect duplicate companies and contacts. It just depends on how good your information is. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[55:25]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[55:26]*: So what I would suggest and what I would typically do when we do this is one, understand what matters to get inside the CRM to then do what's Called a deduping. Okay, hey, which one is related to this contact and account, all that good stuff. Once that's cleaned, that's when you start doing like a small import. Does that look good? Okay, then do the rest. And then you set up things inside of spot to permanent. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[55:55]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[55:55]*: So you kind of set up these perimeter defensive. Like hey, there's not 10, you know, Jason's inside of, you know, inside of HubSpot that'll have all the same email or the same contact. So that's the other nice thing. It's like it has good guardrails to prevent. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[56:12]*: And it'll like assign it all to the same company because it sees we're all at, you know, go sayer or milestone.com or whatever. 
**Robert Strong** *[56:20]*: But why don't I recommend this and Jason, let me know what you think. If y' all could just have a side by side of description of hubstop and Airtable and what you like about each, the functionality of each and try to tailor it to just a bunch of dumb real estate guys that we are in terms of just information sharing across the US and all of our contacts and which one you would recommend. And. 
**jason** *[56:52]*: And then I don't know. 
**Robert Strong** *[56:53]*: I know everything is so customized. I don't know if it's even possible to say here's a typical range of costs of what bare bones or what like you guys are really looking to do. And maybe we have another conversation before you do that, but like allow us to like take something and then just send it to the full team and be like, all right, here's the pros and cons of each. Here's what you guys are looking to do. And generally there's no we would recommend doing. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[57:20]*: Yeah, we can write that up for you. Just to cut to the chase there, I, I would not. If you're concerned about people like adopting and logging this in and you've got legitimately have, you know, 65 year old team members. I would not do airtable. Like you want something that's going to pull that stuff in automatically and you don't want to think. I mean, the same reason, Robert, why you stopped using DealCloud. If you got to click a button, you're like, fuck that. So I got to click a button. Right. Let alone logging, copying and pasting notes and all that good stuff. And then, yeah, we can give you an idea on pricing for both. 
**Robert Strong** *[57:59]*: Jason, that fair works for me. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[58:03]*: Awesome. We'll make it happen. If you guys have any questions in the meantime, you know where to find us. Wonderful. 
**Robert Strong** *[58:08]*: You guys got our emails right on this calendar invite. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[58:10]*: Yeah, we're all on the calendar invite. 
**Robert Strong** *[58:13]*: It's already automatically loaded into your contacts. And you have a buddy. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[58:18]*: That's right. You know the drill. 
**Robert Strong** *[58:24]*: For the time. 
**jason** *[58:24]*: Yeah. Thanks for the time. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[58:26]*: Absolutely. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[58:27]*: Have a good one. 
**Billy Leigh** *[58:29]*: Bye. 
