# Milestone CRM Connect

**Meeting Date:** 12th Feb, 2026 - 10:30 AM

---

**Cameron Taggart** *[00:07]*: Good morning. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[00:07]*: How we doing? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:08]*: Hey guys. 
**Jason Wise** *[00:09]*: Morning. 
**Robert Strong** *[00:12]*: Appreciate the round two. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:15]*: Yeah, Jim, good to connect. Good to see you. Rob. 
**Robert Strong** *[00:23]*: And, and y' all haven't met Jim yet. Jim is one of our senior acquisitions guys here. Been here since day one. He'll be heavily involved in this pipeline and CRM, so I wanted to get him up to speed. I think we got Chris Bartlett, our coo. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:41]*: He should be joining. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:42]*: Let me ping him. 
**Jim Duey** *[00:43]*: Chris and Jason should be dialing in. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:46]*: Awesome. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:01]*: Rob, how's Miller doing? She's good, she's good. 
**Robert Strong** *[01:04]*: She gets stronger every day. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:07]*: Good to hear, Good to hear. Yeah. Rob's daughter had was it Covid and RSV at the same time? 
**Robert Strong** *[01:15]*: Yeah, a couple other things too. Got through it and getting better. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:22]*: She's home. That's good, man. Yeah. Eleanor and Charlotte caught the flu back to back. And it's just so easy to be like, oh, this could be so much worse after seeing that picture of Miller in a, an underwater welder's mask, whatever that was. Yeah, that thing was intense. 
**Robert Strong** *[01:41]*: Not a memory. I want to remember. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:44]*: Well, Jim, while we're waiting, I mean the best thing for us in order to, you know, adequately recommend either a path forward or a solution, with or without, you know, our help on an implementation, why don't you walk us through in your mind what a CRM should be and should do for milestone. 
**Jim Duey** *[02:07]*: Sure. I think the primary and most important function is, you know, having an effective user friendly application where we can record correspondence, you know, business correspondence and where Jason knows who I'm talking to and vice versa. As an organization, we see all the various contacts, conversations, when they happen and you know, it automatic, you know, it gets obviously added. Every conversation just kind of gets added to that. And over time you have kind of a, worth a really valuable database of conversations. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[03:02]*: Yeah, yeah. And that's, that's the core function and function of the CRM as well as, you know, kind of being able to look at a person and see all the conversations and then the people they're related to in whatever form or fashion and the companies they're with and then look at that on a company level and see all that same information. So it sort of pivots. What all forms of communication are you planning on capturing? Are these internal, you know, Microsoft Teams or Slack? Is it strictly email and you know, recorded video calls like the one we're on now where you're getting the transcription put into your CRM and those sorts of things? 
**Jim Duey** *[03:40]*: I mean it's all above. But I mean the big ones is obviously, you know, this is kind of, let's just call it business development. It's the deal team. We're out networking, we're talking to people about picking up deal flow and we're having conversations with a variety of folks, whether they're brokers or competitors or lenders. And to be able to record those conversations, the general content, when they happen, and to be shared across the milestone platform is the primary goal. I mean there's obviously other things, but at the end of the day, you know, the milestone representatives on this chat here, that's what we do. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[04:30]*: Yeah. Your business model is not dissimilar from mine. I'm out chatting, I'm connecting. I want to put any emails, any meetings, any video calls like this. The transcripts all get captured automatically. If I have an in person conversation, I take notes. If someone emails me or jumps on a video call, it adds them as a contact in the system and the data and the process, while not fully automated, starts to work for itself. And then when I need something, I just go and search it. And so we just signed a deal with a company to implement a new ERP CRM and integrate the two. That, that conversation started two years ago at a round of golf. And I can see every time I've met with, talked to, what we talked about, how the product, like what's progressing. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[05:26]*: And as his company grew, were able to continue to capture all that information. But I also have it where depending on the conversation, right? Like, hey, you know, gonna be out of the country, going to look at a few manufacturing operations in China, whatever. Great. I just set that as a follow up in three months and it's right there in a. It just emails me and says, hey, time to follow up with this guy. Here's everything you talked about last time. Here's who's talked to him inside the company since go. I've even gotten to a point where I use it for my personal life because with two kids and, you know, friends all over the world, it's like, man, I haven't talked to Scotty in three months. I need a, I need to reach out to Scotty. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[06:03]*: But I can set these and it just comes through as a list and it's like follow up with this person, right? I text them, I call them, I ask them if they want to get coffee. Great. I hit a checkbox and it says, when do you want to set the next follow up? Right? And so you can set that for a day, a week, a month. And so it's really helped me, as the primary business development person here at Sayre, to manage a breadth of contacts and outreach because things just, we get busy and we forget things. Or even as small as we'll be on a video call and someone's daughter is applying to four colleges and I'll talk to them three months later and say, hey, I know she was looking at Vanderbilt, ut, Notre Dame, mit. How did that end up going? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[06:46]*: And it's like, who remembers those sorts of things? Things like, it really does help drive the kind of depth of the relationship and not just in a transactional way. So that's like our view of a CRM and how it's set up for us as a professional services firm. But our selling is all relationship driven. Right. 
**Jim Duey** *[07:07]*: Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I think we're doing the same thing. We're doing business development. You're networking, you're staying on top of folks and having helpful reminders in the content of those conversations. Because you're going to have about 75 conversations after you talk to Joe Schmo. You're gonna have 75 conversations with other people and. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[07:35]*: Yeah, yeah. And then we pair that with a tool called Fireflies. It's very cheap, it's very easy to implement, but you can see it in this call here and this transcript. Like, you and I've never been on a call. You're not in our CRM. When we finish this call, you will automatically be added to our CRM. Just your email. Right. And I can go in and update that with whatever information I wanted. But it knows your email, it knows what company you're with because of the at milestone. And then the transcript, as well as a summary of this call will be uploaded to that. And then in HubSpot, I can just pull you up and it'll. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[08:09]*: The AI inside of HubSpot will automatically start giving me a summary of like, market news, what's going on, like, things you've done because of LinkedIn, blah, blah, blah. Like the whole Internet is tracking you and you can turn that on, turn that off. And not necessarily pushing a system like HubSpot because there's a lot of options out there. But just something else I want you to think of as you're going through this process is anything that doesn't happen manually or automatically. Right. Has to be done manually. And so that gets down to two things. One is change management of your people. Like, hey, is it in the system? I have this conversation with my teams all the time. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[08:50]*: And then b, how do you set the system up so that you're defining your business needs, your business requirements and your business process and setting the system up so that the system inherits your business processes? Right. It doesn't dictate your business processes. And that's the sort of implementation piece. 
**Jim Duey** *[09:14]*: So going back up just for a minute, just like in the most simplistic example I can think of. And it's pretty common, you know, Jason and I, we just meet and talk with folks. I mean, literally tomorrow on my way to work, I'm having coffee with the senior executive who owns about 4,000 units here in town. That's your meeting, we're having coffee. How are you, how are you kind of recording all that or making notation of that? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[09:48]*: That is it in, in person meetings? I rarely pull out my phone and say, hey, I have the Fireflies app on my phone and say, hey, can I take a transcript? Not a recording. Now if I'm at coffee and I'm catching up and we're shooting the shit and you know, it's a high level, you know, we're dealing with X and Y and Z, I'll just make a note of that and then write it down. But if someone starts like unburdening themselves to me about a business problem and getting into the details and the systems and what's going on in revenue and operations and finance and accounting, I just say, hey, you mind if I transcribe this so I can capture all the details. I'd rather pay attention to you than take notes. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[10:27]*: And you, it will automatically because of the date and the time, it'll know the meeting because of the calendar. It'll know who you're meeting with and if not, you can tag it inside of the app. And then when you join a meeting like this one, it automatically jumps in. But it's very rare that I will do that. But the option is there. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[10:45]*: And to be clear, that copy meeting, if it's on your calendar and you know the other person is on it too, that will automatically go into the system along with that person and who it was with. Like Billy said, you can jump into the CRM right after, at the end of your day. You know, what are my follow ups from there? I had coffee with said he wants to reconnect in a couple months. And then you go in and set that task reminder so it doesn't have to live in your head or, you know, you forget Six months when you should have followed up two months ago or whatever. 
**Jim Duey** *[11:20]*: So probably the most common is you have that coffee, it is in my calendar and then you get back to your desk, you go in the CRM and you know we talked about, you know, potentially recapping three of his deals in Plano or whatever. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[11:37]*: Yeah, yeah. And, and it's infinitely customizable. Right. If you just want to document the meeting so that it's there, you can just be done. It's connected to my calendar. I don't have to do anything. I don't even have to open the system. If you need to do that just to communicate to the team so that everybody knows who's talking to who. Great. Don't. You can also have meeting types, right? Was it a catch up meeting? Was it a, were we discussing a specific investment? Are we down the path of having a live deal? And you want to know the different types of meetings we're having week over week. Sounds like everything that I've heard thus far. We don't really want to get that granular but just gives you an idea of these are the possible here. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[12:20]*: Yeah. 
**Jim Duey** *[12:21]*: How do we filter out the CRM? I mean I have on my calendar, you know, doctor's appointments, you know, meeting my wife for dinner and things like that. How do I filter that? So it doesn't go in the CRM. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[12:33]*: Yeah, it's only going to drop things in the CRM where someone else is attached to it. Right. So I had, we had gymnastics last night and that's on my calendar. That's not in the meeting because I'm not tagging my wife and kids via their email. But just so you can see, you know, Rob and I got on a call two days ago. I haven't touched anything in this CRM. Like I have not added any of this. And because Rob was in my email, it asked me, do you want to add Rob to the, to your CRM? And there's an add in for Microsoft, there's an add in for Google, there's an add in for whatever email you guys are using. And it's a one click dumps it in the system because. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[13:18]*: And you can set it up to. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[13:19]*: Where it just goes automatically because Rob works, you know, Rob at Milestone gp, it creates a company in the system and then we can get on calls and say look, this was created 2:10 last time we talked. Here's our recent activities. Right. I can see the meeting and jump over to that I can see who attended the meeting. I can see a, a recording and transcript, right? These info and insights about it, pain points and tips like, you know, did they visit our website after you name it? That's a lot of the more granular data. But I can see our recent activities and a summary of this information. And the Internet's slow today, but I can go into the full transcript. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[14:05]*: But then, you know, it's creating and capturing all this information anywhere we're connecting with you guys and showing, right, like who was on the call, you know, Justin was on the call. So he automatically gets added to the system. There's no other companies or deals or, you know, we don't have tickets or subscriptions. There's no other information related. But here's the emails we've had. Here's, you know, if I went in and added the text, you can get a full list of activities, notes, emails, calls. I can set tasks, right? So that was kind of that function of follow up with Rob. Tag it to, I don't need to talk to him for a week or for three months or for a custom. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[14:52]*: Send me a reminder right at some time around and then if I go into my tasks around that I can just start drilling in and working through those. And when I click done, it's like, do we need to set another one? Is there something here? But I can tag. Rob is an evangelist, right? Or Rob is, you know, now a lead. And then if this goes somewhere and we start having a conversation and scoping, I can click and that lead turns into a qualified opportunity and we can start, you know, capturing all the documentation and notes. And so when I go to create a proposal for a client like you, I just take all my transcripts and that is the first thing I do is here's what I think. Tell me what you think. Okay, great. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[15:34]*: Spit that out in a proposal ready format that we can start reviewing now. Your business is different. Different, right. But those next items, those next activities, like all of that ends up getting captured. And this is, you know, the central nervous system for our business development engine for the business. But to answer your question, a different way because I love to verbally process and I just monologue a lot. So I apologize if something's in there that you don't need. There's going to be a whole baseline of activity, but this is going to capture so much activity that you get to set it up. This is again back to the implementation of what filters to the top, what's important and you don't have to worry about, like how you're structuring it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[16:12]*: Because when you want to look at a company or a person or a potential investment opportunity, you just filter to that section. It's not like flipping through a big spreadsheet. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[16:24]*: Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[16:24]*: It's, it's bubbling up what's important and it knows what's important based on how you set it up. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[16:29]*: And part of what we would do in the implementation is figure out what you need to bubble up and how and why. And so, you know, defining specific Personas. Right. If it's an evangelist or a referral source, if it's a broker, if it's a potential investment partner. Right. These are all things that we would want to be able to customize at the contact level or at the company level so that when you're going through your Rolodex, it's organized beyond just A to Z, the last activity date. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[16:59]*: Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:00]*: You can get focused with your contact base. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:05]*: Yeah. And if you still like that spreadsheet. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[17:06]*: View for whatever reason, you can literally still kind of have that inside of if you want. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[17:11]*: Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[17:12]*: So you can have that view and have it really any way you want. So, yeah, it's really what the ux. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:19]*: You want it to look like. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[17:20]*: We can, we can make it look like that, however. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:22]*: Yeah. So if I go and look at all of our companies, you can have it in a spreadsheet view like this, or you can flip it over to a kind of a pipeline view where, you know, is this a lead, an opportunity, or is this now a client? And so if I want to go through and filter these, I mean, there's a million ways to categorize these because you can set these stages. But I mean, if I look at, you know, different people around the company, I can easily see the last time I talked to them, and that's a little easier to do in this view. But if the deal pipeline ever looks slow for me, I'll start going through just a full list of contacts. When did we talk to them? Do we have anything set up next? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:11]*: You know, lead status, lifecycle, contact deals, And I mean, you can add any and every bit of information you would ever need or want to be able to see this. Right. And it just depends on how does your business development organization function. You're not a SaaS company, so we're not going to set it up like a SaaS company for you. You are not, you know, managing multifamily. Right. You're, you're buying and Selling them, that sort of thing. Like it's meant to inherit your business processes so that it does so many things. We can narrow it down to do only what you need. And I would just say given where you guys are on your CRM life cycle, you can spend as much money on these things as you want. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:52]*: But I'd say you guys need a very bare bones implementation and you need a very bare bones licensing structure. And after you're using that and you have good hygiene practices around it, you'll start to ask questions like, oh, can it do this? Oh can it do that? And the answer to that's typically yes. And we can either show you how to do that because a lot of this is very simple, or if it's a little more complicated or we need to implement other data sources or start adding on like contracting and DocuSign and layering those bits of information in and files and whatnot. We can talk about all of that later. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[19:27]*: But for now I think if you guys can track your opportunities, you can track your companies and you can track your contacts, you guys are going to be miles ahead of where most companies are, which is just spreadsheets and notes lists in your phone. And we've even seen a company who was using Trello, which is like a project management software and moving cards around, all switch over to a proper CRM and really kind of start small and then figure out what they need once they understand what all it can do. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[20:00]*: Billy, I'm coming into this a little bit late and so you may have already answered this, but maybe just help me calibrate a little bit. Obviously there's a sort of contact and conversational repository here which is really the core of what I think we need to get off the ground after that. Is there, to what extent are there project management related settings in this or capacity of this? Is it sort of more like reminder based or is there real like sort of Gantt charting specific? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[20:31]*: Like this is. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[20:36]*: Not the tool for. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[20:36]*: That is so modular you could set it up to do that. There are so many other better and easy options that would integrate with a CRM. Typically. I mean if you were talking about like a true project management, right, like these items on those dates and here's who's responsible for them in the status, I would absolutely use something else. Now if you're talking about like a deal pipeline and you know where in the deal is this, where in that pipeline is this, right? Is it in scoping, is it in contract? And you know Due diligence like that. And here I can show you what that looks like. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[21:13]*: Have you, Billy, have you guys layered in any or. Or have you had any clients request to layer in like integration with something like Asana or anything like that? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[21:22]*: Yeah, yeah, all day, every day notion. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[21:27]*: And that's why, just to note, they did just release a feature for projects and I've taken a look at it. It's a super simple kind of like project management flow. I wouldn't use it for like real project management, but it can be used for like onboarding, things like that. So it's there. But to Billy's point, there's a sauna notion. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[21:49]*: What I'm trying to. The context I'm trying to build here is, you know, there is what the deal team needs and then there's integration with the broader organization. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[21:57]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[21:57]*: You know, there's. There's definitely people like myself maybe out like tangentially connected to the deal team that probably wants visibility into this kind of stuff. Maybe I'll input a couple things, but this isn't like my day job. But then the question is like, all of these things lead to an action item plan of like, shit gotta get done. Where does that go and where are we managing that from a broader organizational perspective, which we're kind of leaning on Asana right now, but we're still in demo mode, so we're trying to figure out like. So this is a piece of the overall puzzle I'm trying to build. This is an important piece and for these guys, it's the only piece. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[22:30]*: I'm going to zoom out real quick here. What you're now talking about is a tech stack, right? And what. Where a lot of companies get to is they have these frontline systems. And so you can think revenue, right? You can think execution operations. So for you, that would be a project management tool, hr, finance and accounting. And IT or a system like this serves a very specific function. But like in our instance when someone in our universe gets hired, right, we have one system that says, what is their role? What tools do they need? We have them fill out their information and we have this one click onboarding, right? And so it requisitions them Slack, gives them whatever, blah, blah. Do they need HubSpot? Yes, it signs them up for HubSpot based on the user and licensing. That's an integration in HubSpot. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[23:22]*: We track our contacts, our leads and then our opportunities. When a deal closes, that moves into our psa, which you can think of as our operating system. What is the client, what is the project, what are the resources and what time are they tracking so that our consultants can enter that time and then that automatically goes to our ARN ap, our invoicing and payroll process. So that's kind of the project management integration here. And that's a larger thing. You could start with a project management tool. And we're happy to have a million conversations around project management tools. They're typically easy to set up by the organization. We really focus on like winning the relationship, not winning the work. There's not like a lot of work for us to do or any money to be made for us. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[24:07]*: But more than happy to get into a project management conversation because we're all kind of just like geeks about this. And consulting is big on project management. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[24:15]*: But in general there's integration because I know that some of these are. Yeah, I'm not a tech guy, but my understanding is they call it like walled gardens where they may like can self contain the data where you can't then like extract it out. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[24:26]*: Yeah, HubSpot. HubSpot has native integration. So that's what I was just showing you. And then Both Asana and HubSpot have open API. And so if a native integration, meaning we want a few basic features and functionality, you can one click set that up or it's hey, here's how we use Asana, here's how we use HubSpot. And we want to control what goes back and forth and then have that back and forth create action items or things inside of HubSpot, inside of Asana. We can absolutely set that up for you. I don't think you'll need that at this point. But as you continue to grow into like strategically what is the technology you should be using? How does it all work together so that you don't create a bunch of silos with manual processes in between. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[25:04]*: Yeah, that's what we want to do is win a small project and then help you guys do that over a long period of time in bite sized chunks. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[25:13]*: Yeah, and if the business development person is kind of kicking off that deal, that then goes over to the deal team. That is the benefit of managing it, at least in the beginning stages, like to a close or whatever we call that in your world. That's the benefit of managing it inside of your CRM, because when you move it to a certain deal stage, there are criteria that need to be met and then that triggers the creation of something in the project management system. Oh, the deal team now needs to Start doing diligence or they need to start bringing in outside vendors to start putting the deal team together, right? And then you have the nitty gritty things that the deal team does inside of the project management tool. But then everything is related and so it can be bidirectional. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[25:57]*: So when the deal team does something in the project management tool, that then needs to cue the biz dev team. That can then make something fire in HubSpot because you know, Jason and Rob are living and breathing the CRM and the deal team is living and breeding the project management tool. Those criterias, those, you know, the entrance, exit criteria, stages, property changes, whatever, those can communicate back to each other so that people don't have to bounce in between systems. You have a system for your job and your function, but they still talk to each other and you can share data and information. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[26:33]*: Then if they're keeping up with the project management tool, that data is feeding back into HubSpot. You can just go look at a deal and see where it is in the pipeline stage, what's going on, ask questions around it natively between the two systems. You get like a living status update around a project. But again you can if you go with Asana. Asana is a great tool. That integration is really easy. But I would recommend bare bones Asana, Barebones, HubSpot. Expand as you need. You may pay a little more in licensing up front because you're not getting the discounts on like a big package or a big tier. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:08]*: And then once you've had enough time in them, understand what you want out of it, what you need, what you don't, then we can talk about integrating and kind of refining the process for smoothing that handoff and then keeping everyone informed as things are progressing. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[27:23]*: Got it? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:24]*: Yeah. Billy, one question. 
**Robert Strong** *[27:26]*: I know we're running up on time, but thinking about the relationship management and how that ties into deals, part of our business is dealing with a lot of different counterparties on a single deal. So say Blackstone is selling a deal in ballots that they hired CBRE broker to sell. We have brokers, owners, lenders, like manages the relationship side of it. But on the deal side, if you click that deal, will that also show like all the different. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:52]*: We can set it up to do exactly that. We just did this for a private equity group. We have an opportunity here. We've gotten the sin, we've done the analysis on it. Where is all that information? Because I'm the deal partner. I just want to live in HubSpot. There's a lawyer Right. Perkins and Coey's on it. Hampton Rock is the investment banker. We're buying it from fucking Joe Schmo and he's, you know, it's a founder run business that they finally cleared 5 million in EBITDA and want to sell it. Like all of that is dimensionalized because, okay, the deal, right, is tied to Velasco, the parent company, the buyer, right, you've got the buy side team, you've got the sell side team, you've got the due diligence, you've got mma, you've got the attorney, you've got the investment banker. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[28:33]*: It's just tagging those people appropriately based on their role and then connecting them to the right deal. And then all of that information is now linked. So no matter how you pivot the data, you have all of the relevant or related parties. It's not a magic bullet and it can't read your mind. It has to be set up appropriately and then there has to be some form of deal hygiene. I spend about an hour a week going through. At the end of the week, who did I talk to? Is it connected? Did we capture everything? Are the deals in the right stage? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[29:09]*: But that hour a week and HubSpot being set up appropriately is the reason, you know, we grew 130% year over year last year and we've closed half as much revenue as we did last year in the first, you know, through the 12th of February this year, because were able to hit the ground running as soon as everyone was back from the holidays. And everyone kind of knew whose ball was in what court and where were going, what were doing. Like, it just wouldn't have been possible without that. 
**Jason Wise** *[29:41]*: Got it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[29:44]*: Jason, you're on mute. 
**Jason Wise** *[29:50]*: Are you able to quickly show just what we're talking about at the beginning? It may not. I guess your version, whatever you're going to show, isn't dumbed down. So it's going to have a little going on. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[30:02]*: Right? 
**Jason Wise** *[30:02]*: But just to see how it practically works, like if I click on a person, their company, if I click on the company, how it all flows, practically. Yeah, that's like, if you have an example where you're like, hey, this is a company I talk to frequently and you can see the history of who I've talked to over there. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[30:26]*: Oh, sure, yeah. So this is a deal, right, that we just won with Ross Martin, right? You can, you can see, like, let's see here, activities. You can see almost every conversation we've had with this Company going back to literally the beginning of time. And the transcripts of those meetings, right, These deals are, we're filtered here. But like any notes I've taken, any emails, any calls, right, that the around like Ross Martin specifically. But if I go in and I say, hey, Ross Martin, who's that associated with? Because the email for Chris, I need to update, this was the original email he gave me. But I can add contacts existing or create new in the system and they'll be tied and tagged to this deal. I can add companies and these are all properties we set up. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[31:30]*: I can say, is this a shared deal, right? So should this belong only to me or should it belong to me and Cameron? I can add attachments, right? I can see the high level information about this deal, any QuickBooks information or DocuSign information around that. But probably the most important thing here would be around Chris, right? So if I look at the activities around Chris, I can see this going back to when did we first start talking? I mean, I'd literally been chasing this deal since November, June, July. Hell, we only started the company in April. So like these were the first sets of tasks, emails, meetings, us going back and forth all the way to, you know, the beginning of time. But I know he's associated with Ross Martin, right? And then there are deals that we ended up not doing, right? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[32:33]*: We ended up, he wanted this and we got all the way to the finish line and he said, hey, we're kind of shifting directions. Said, no problem. I set a task, I followed up with that in three months and, you know, kept the conversation going, played a little golf, whatever. And I mean, these are all the tasks I've ever set to follow up with Chris. And keep this, right? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[32:58]*: Go to the main task bar like CRM and then tests or hover over CRM on the left, okay. And everybody uses these differently. But this is like where I would start if I was in your role. This is where I'd start my day. I pop open my task list. Who am I overdue? I'm not reaching out to, who do I need to follow up with, right? And then as you click into a task and you go to a contact, all right, I need to get in touch with Wade, I shoot him a text, I call them, I email them, like, whatever the form of communication that needs to happen. And then I go in, I check that task list off, and then I set a new one for the next one. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[33:40]*: And I'll show you that really quickly. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[33:43]*: And you can even click that start Task button and then it goes automatically and saves you a click. So you can just go boom, boom, as fast as you possibly can. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[33:51]*: Yeah. So if this is done, he texts, right. And says, hey, let's catch up. X, Y and Z or no status yet. I can just automatically click on that. And again, this is how. Because I can just email straight from here and it's not like a HubSpot, it's just going straight to your. It's running through your email so you like, don't have to get out of the system. But I can set all of these kind of deal properties that I want to see based on what I'm doing. But my most important is when is it due? What's the last time I have to contact them? There's no associated companies or deals because a lot of these are just like initial emails, follow up. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:35]*: Like, I know there's a few I got to do today and last time I talked to these guys and if I want to click into Patrick Fleck and see what he's up to or if anyone in the company has talked to him, I can see that because you guys were just having conversations with him. Right. But it's, it just becomes really powerful. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:57]*: And then obviously you can get a basic spreadsheet view like we showed you where you pull Jason, you pull up every contact that you're the owner of. You can order it by the last activity date. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[35:07]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[35:08]*: You can order it by Persona. I want to look at all my brokers, I want to look at all my evangelists. Right. There's a lot of different ways that you can do it. And really what we would help you do is figure out what do you want. Like, don't worry about the ux, don't worry about what the software looks like. What do you actually want to do? And then we would customize the system. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[35:29]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[35:29]*: To execute on that and to show. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[35:32]*: You a little bit of that, like Lineage. Vesco is a private equity company. So they obviously have port cos. We work with their port cos. So we won a project in October of 2024 for Adams. So we have it set up where we can jump into Adams. We know Adams is owned by Vesco. And then if we go to Vesco, right, we can see all the port codes. We've worked with, talked to one deals, have deals in the pipeline, lost deals, why we lost them, you know, those sorts of things. It's, I mean it's pretty comprehensive and there's not. You guys are not going to come up with any use cases that we can't like streamline and then simplify, you know, getting it set up. Set up so that it's really user friendly. 
**Jason Wise** *[36:17]*: Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[36:18]*: It does require some work. It's, you know, it's a little bit like getting up and going to the gym or whatever. 
**Jason Wise** *[36:23]*: But we're thinking all that stuff is malleable, right? I mean, like infinitely set up. And we're like, either direction. Right. It's like, oh, it's, it's too busy. We're gonna have to get rid of this, this. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[36:39]*: Yeah, yeah. Okay. 
**Jason Wise** *[36:40]*: Later on we get comfortable. I mean, you know, yeah, we're like, you know what? Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[36:46]*: That's why we say start small, because you can. And nothing that's set up can. We're not framing up a house for you. Like, you know, do you want to go from the master upstairs to the master downstairs? We can move it. Right. Like you. Because I will tell you what will happen. Because this is not like buying a car where you change the oil. It's like raising a child. You're going to get it, you're going to understand it, you're going to try this parenting style and you're going to, you know, gentle parenting doesn't work. And so you're going to move to authoritative. And, you know, you have to continue to kind of stay on top of it and at a minimum, just catalog your needs. And then in three months you come back to us and you say, hey, change. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[37:25]*: We need to change X, Y and Z. That's typically really small. And then, or hey, we want to add this feature and that feature because you'll start seeing some grayed out boxes and whatever. And could this be helpful? We can help you talk through, understand, and really probably talk you out of more things than we would talk you into. And that's how we build to what Chris was talking about, like the partnership. Because we're going to take you all the way to what does your business process look like? How would I refine it for the system? And what would it cost to get us set up for free? And then if you guys can go do it yourself or find someone cheaper to do it, there's no harm, no foul. That's just business. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[38:01]*: But if we do it right and we're, you know, a good value and a good cost, you've got a project management system you want to integrate and like, there's no business in the world that doesn't need better technology or better, you know, people and processes so we're here like we, that's what we do. But none of you're not ever locked into anything. And that's why I'd start out with just a one year licensing. Don't pay a little more than not have to get into a two year licensing deal because you just don't know what you'll need and make them earn it every year. Right. And we also help negotiate on pricing with the licensing and get you discounts and we know you know into their sales quarter is the best time to buy because they're willing to roll out the red carpet, yada yada. 
**Robert Strong** *[38:44]*: Can you just show real quick how it integrates with your. You have Outlook calendar. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[38:50]*: I do. I don't use Outlook but I'll show you what we do. I use a tool called Superhuman because it's like an AI email thing. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[38:59]*: Let's connect it to Google. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[39:01]*: Yeah. So if I want to go back to Shannon here, Shannon's not in my email or my. Oh, she is in HubSpot. Right. But it'll tell me everything about Shannon inside of my email. J.T. Morris, you know he's not in there. Oh yeah, yes. It adds them all automatically. So I'd have to get like new documents and whatnot. But even if I wanted to use Gmail, why don't we have. 
**Robert Strong** *[39:29]*: What if Jim sends you an email right now with that, would that load into the system? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[39:35]*: Yeah, yeah, you can see it's turned off because I haven't been in my email forever. But like if someone sends me an email I can work through my tasks or my contacts and this is my personal. So forgive me here but like I can add, you know, communications at Lakewood and I can open the company and I can see this again it's not my. See if I can switch to my. So she's ready to get paid. You'll see the HubSpot integration here. We've got, you know, a few client accounts but I'll log into mine. It's going to make me two factor authenticate. So if you'll give me just a second. But because do you guys use Google Workspace or do you use Outlook? It's the same Google. 
**Jason Wise** *[40:36]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[40:39]*: Yeah, it's the same thing. But this will load and so I can add gusto to it. It'll show me the company sometimes it has like market intelligence around, you know what it is or what they do. I can jump into company pages and see more update permissions, all tools and features. But then I also can just see My task list right inside of my email so I can, you know, follow up view and HubSpot, like jump back and forth between it. HubSpot is like tail force is the most expensive and HubSpot is the most popular, if that makes sense. Right. Salesforce is overkill for you guys. HubSpot is. It's like meant for the middle market. Right. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[41:20]*: Salesforce is like an ERP now when you really take photos. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:24]*: Yeah. 
**Jim Duey** *[41:26]*: So is there a way to use this product like with your iPad or iPhone? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:32]*: Oh, yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:32]*: Oh, yeah. 
**Kyle Harbuck** *[41:36]*: Simple mobile app. Super simple. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:39]*: Yeah. There's. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:42]*: And the app does take some configuring to make it do what you want it to do. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:48]*: Yeah, I personally don't use the app, but there's a native Apple android app. Android meaning, you know, for Windows. But I don't like the app. I just get on the cloud browser or I typically just use it inside of my email. If you guys don't know about Superhuman, you should look into that. It's phenomenal. But I don't have anyone I can add. Jim, are you in here? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[42:15]*: Because if you're on your phone, Jim, the reason you would want to get into HubSpot is you're on the go and you probably want to put in like some call notes or something. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[42:25]*: Here you go. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[42:25]*: Or ask anything else. You know, you're probably not going to go through your Rolodex, right. Maybe you're just going to pull out somebody's phone number. It's not really meant for like deep work or analysis. It's more just on the go. Like I need somebody's contact info. And you can even integrate the HubSpot app with your iPhone. So your HubSpot contacts can show up inside of your iPhone. Or you need to set task after that coffee, you know, meeting or whatever. And you don't. You want to remember right then and there and go set a task real quick. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[43:01]*: That's. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:02]*: Those are usually the use cases. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:04]*: Yeah. Do you. 
**Jason Wise** *[43:18]*: Are you aware, does HubSpot allow you to, I don't know, like if we sent them or say you, I don't know, a hundred contacts and they're related companies and like they, you just kind of import them real quick and then we could kind of like, you know, do some trial and error on as if were taking notes, you know, and just see how it all starts to piece together. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:48]*: Do they let you do that? Yeah, well, you're not going to go through and we're going to upload your. All your Contacts for you. Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:54]*: If you just want to click around, Jason, like, you can go set up a free account today, right? 
**Jason Wise** *[43:58]*: Yeah, I just mean just to, like, kind of mess around with it. Yeah. To see if it. At a very basic level, you know, starting with a limited number of contacts and just kind of do some mock, you know, mock trial. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:13]*: Yeah, you could. You could do that. It's uploading 100 or all of them is. There's no extra work. Right. It's just taking a spreadsheet and importing it. So. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:25]*: Yeah. And then on the. On the iPhone app, what I typically do is as soon as I get someone's phone number, I go to the HubSpot app. And then there's just a big plus sign at the bottom and you can import contact from your phone. And so it automatically puts their name and phone number uploaded to HubSpot. So you don't have to go and take a number from your phone and put it in. It also gives the option to just upload all your contacts. I would never do that, but that's there. Or you can just go through and click a checkbox and select which contacts you want to put into HubSpot. Their emails are more like. Everything centers around their email. Right. That's their unique identifier there. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[45:04]*: But so that's how if you know you have their email, it knows when you had a meeting, it knows when you had an email, those sorts of things. 
**Jason Wise** *[45:13]*: So that reminded me of another question we haven't really talked about, and this may be. I'm getting too nitpicky here, but what happens to a contact if they change companies, like, or Rob Stone. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[45:35]*: Yeah. 
**Jason Wise** *[45:38]*: Does all my history go with the person or does it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[45:41]*: Like, if you change their email, you'll need to change. You have to update their email, potentially their associated company. So, I mean, again, it's like it can't live inside your brain. So you've got to do some, you know, enter data entry and changing if you have to. But, yeah, all that goes with it. It's just a matter of changing the email. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[46:01]*: So when Rob changed companies and I got a new email for Rob, I, it added Rob Strong. But then it told me, hey, you have two Rob Strongs. Are these the same people? I said yes, and it asked to merge. And so it merges all the old information under the old email address so that Rob Strong has two email addresses. Here's everything that was associated with the old one. Here's everything associated with the new one. But it all comes from that single place. 
**Jason Wise** *[46:31]*: Right. And I guess on the flip side, if there was the new Rob Strong at the old company, you would just have. I mean, that's on you to, like, go fill in the blanks because it doesn't know, right? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[46:44]*: Yeah, I mean, that's right. Yeah. There's only. There's only so much. And again, that goes back to the hygiene piece of it. But you could also just at any point in time realize, like, this is the same person and merge the two contacts and all the old activity and all the new activity. Will this become a part? 
**Jason Wise** *[47:03]*: Just so I understand the hygiene piece of it. So, like, in theory, right, It's. It's doing a lot of stuff on its own, or, you know, you're hitting the button, it's moving stuff over, and then you're saying at the end of the week or whatever, you go look at all your activity for the week and just make sure it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[47:25]*: Yeah, most weeks, I. Most weeks, I honestly don't. But we have a call every week and it's what's in our pipeline. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[47:32]*: Yeah, it just depends on what the. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[47:34]*: But also, like, I, If I. If something moves a stage in our pipeline, like, I want to move it from qualified to scoped, meaning, you know, we've gone from this conversation to we know what we would charge you and how long it would take it. It won't let me move the deal up a stage without assigning an engagement leader, an initial pricing estimate, your, you know, all sorts of different information that we select personally that we need for our deals. And then same thing when It moves to propose, it asks you to update. You know what we think that the timeline and scope of it is. We've got to connect it because it wants to know, like, have we sent this out via DocuSign? Like, you can gate this stuff so that it. There's like enforced hygiene on it. Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:16]*: It becomes kind of like your. Your personal trainer or whatever. You know, it's not just. You're not just showing up to the gym. Sorry, guys. No worries. What's up, Court? All right, what else? What else? 
**Robert Strong** *[48:33]*: Guys, this has been great. Billy Cameron, really appreciate the time. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:40]*: Yeah. 
**Jason Wise** *[48:44]*: His wife. 
**Jim Duey** *[48:47]*: I'm good. This was very helpful. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:51]*: Okay, what do you all see as the best next step? I mean, on our side, if you want to figure out what this would look like in terms of implementation cost, all that good stuff, we'd set up a short scoping call, talk to your business processes more in depth and understand what exactly the specifics of it. And then we that would give us a good idea of how much time it would take us on our end and costs and all that good stuff. So those are the next steps on our side. But if you guys have more questions or if there's anything else that we can do to help point you in the right direction, there's no rush there. 
**Chris Bartlett** *[49:36]*: Wonderful. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[49:39]*: Well, let us huddle. 
**Robert Strong** *[49:40]*: This is something that's top of house focus for us. So let us let me, Jim and Jason get together and then thank you for putting together that comparison. Super helpful for us as we think about it. 
**Jason Wise** *[49:54]*: And. 
**Robert Strong** *[49:57]*: We'Ll just come back to you guys. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[49:59]*: Sounds good. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[50:00]*: Sounds great. 
**Jason Wise** *[50:01]*: All right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[50:01]*: Good to see you. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[50:02]*: All right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[50:05]*: By. 
