# Arkview Capital | CRM discovery

**Meeting Date:** 26th Feb, 2026 - 4:00 PM

---

**Frank C** *[00:00]*: Hey, guys. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:01]*: How you doing? 
**Frank C** *[00:03]*: Oh, good. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:04]*: How are y'? 
**Frank C** *[00:04]*: All? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:08]*: Oh, sorry. So one more time, Frank, I got. My phone rang and my headphones got screwed up. 
**Frank C** *[00:15]*: Oh, here we go. Hold on. All right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:21]*: Yeah, I got you. 
**Frank C** *[00:22]*: Okay, cool. I'm not on video. I got it. My phone's about to die, so I got a little bit here on the charger. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[00:27]*: Oh, you're good, man. Well, cool. I thought the call went. Went well earlier. Jess seems cool. 
**Frank C** *[00:37]*: Yeah, she's good. She's. She's like, frankly, I mean, she's a. A luddite when it comes to tech. And so it's like she. You know her, you just. I. Everything with her just really comes down to cost. And she's not the. She's not really the final shot caller, but she just kind of views it through that lens. So, like, right after the call, you know, she called me and she was like, hey, don't turn on anything until we talk about how much it costs. I was like, jess, don't worry about it. Like, it's gonna be fine. We're not doing anything. She gets worried about spending money on stuff that she doesn't understand. And. And, you know, and I've explained to her multiple times that, you know, nothing that we're doing here is like, outrageously expensive or really all that complicated. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:27]*: Yeah, yeah. I mean, were. 
**Frank C** *[01:30]*: We're. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:31]*: It's funny, we are talking with another private equity, and I think they're going to have very similar requirements to what I imagine we're about to talk about today. 
**Frank C** *[01:43]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[01:44]*: And I think the overall software license is between like 50 and 100 bucks per user, like, per month. 
**Frank C** *[01:54]*: Yeah. So, yeah, it's. It's. It's. It's not. It's not a ton. So. Yeah. So anyway, CRM. So I. I guess like HubSpot, I mean, it seems to be, you know, I think probably the best action, you know, sort of the best route. So I guess you tell me however you want to kind of go through this. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[02:16]*: Yeah, yeah. The way I always explain it is Salesforce is the 800 pound gorilla. Nobody ever gets fired for implementing Salesforce. Infinitely customizable, very powerful. But it is. It's expensive and it takes a while to implement. And another call this week, somebody migrating from Salesforce to HubSpot. And every time. What did he say? He said something like, every time we want to make a change, it's like $5,000, $10,000, $15,000 from our implementer. So, you know, I say all that if you want to build something custom. If you want to not learn how to make the changes yourself, like you're still going to have to come to somebody like us to do those types of things. But the user experience out of the box is I believe and I think, you know, feel free to check out reviews yourself. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[03:20]*: But HubSpot is just a lot more user friendly. It's easier to make changes and it's also less expensive and they also have like stripped down versions of it now where it used to be, you know, Salesforce for big enterprise, HubSpot for your SMBs Mid Market. And then there's kind of like some other tools over here that are not nearly as powerful as either, but they're just so damn cheap and they do well enough that it's like, what's your goals? What's your plan? Let's roll with like a pipe drive or something like that. That kind of gets us by. Yeah, but they've stripped it down so much that you can be in a situation like that where you're paying, you know, 100 bucks a month per user or something where you can kind of get by or a couple thousand bucks a month, whatever. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[04:15]*: And on the enterprise side, I mean they work with so many large multi billion dollar enterprise level companies. Now the way I think about it is more from a change management perspective where it's like implementing and learning a new system is such a pain in the ass for an organization. Let's just get people used to HubSpot. Even if it has a little more horsepower than you need, in two years you'll need that horsepower and then you won't have to convince your whole team to learn a new system again. 
**Frank C** *[04:43]*: Yeah. So I'll tell you the, here's like the goal of where sort of where we're taking this is that there's a, like we're, you know, it's the, the fund is always going to be a small fund. Like we're never going to get more than like seven or eight people. And so basically it is going to be like driving maximum efficiency with that sort of core group of people. And within those people it's really like three of us that are going to be doing what I would call like the actual M and A. Well really two of us doing like the M and A work. Then there's going to be two other guys doing the like more on the real estate side. 
**Frank C** *[05:29]*: And then you're gonna have Jess who you know, you met today as she's doing And Brian the cfo, they're doing much more of the like internal stuff, right? Like managing like their use for all of it is going to be much more of the hey, our investor lists, our contact list, our, you know, that side of. And I'm viewing this all through like how we used it at Sale at, how we use Salesforce when I was at Lincoln. And so it's, that's what I would call like the three sort of main use, the three sort of buckets of the, of the system. 
**Frank C** *[06:06]*: So what I would say, I know it can do the real estate, I know it can do the sort of contact listings but you know, for my purpose I would say just the contact list like sort of from the marketing effort and from the deal flow effort is definitely like that's where I mean I'm going to end up being like the HubSpot person that everyone's going to come to anyway. So I probably at some point need to learn it all. But from a, like hey, what do we want to start with? Right away it's that. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[06:42]*: Okay. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. So I think a good place to start then is to just talk through that process and there could be some follow up questions from there. Again, like I probably have a good idea of what a good build would be but I like to, you know, humor me and let's talk through this because sometimes we uncover something that could be helpful that just makes everything easier. So, and just so I understand, you know, the size here, how many people are going to be out, you know, meeting with companies trying to do deals. 
**Frank C** *[07:27]*: Like four. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[07:29]*: Four people. Okay. And then how many people would need to have access to be able to like is there anybody supporting that? Where if you're thinking about the deal process, somebody would need to like move a deal over to update that is progressed throughout the deal life cycle or they would need to go in and like add a piece of information so it doesn't get lost in an email or a teams or a Slack message. And it'd be helpful for them to like edit stuff as well. 
**Frank C** *[08:02]*: Let me think. Yeah, so yeah, so we have a, our executive like assistant. She's india. She would definitely need access. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[08:15]*: Okay. 
**Frank C** *[08:16]*: And then, and then our, we have another firm. I don't, they would not need access. They're much more, they're are like kind of, they're like our outsourced like analysts and associate work. But they're, but what they're, what they have access for is like stuff on the, you know, like our. Like our share drive. Right. Like the files and stuff. I don't think we. We wouldn't. We wouldn't give them access to, like, the. The main CRM. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[08:50]*: Okay, well, and the nice thing, man, is, like, the reason I was asking about editing stuff is you can actually give people access. They just can't change it. 
**Frank C** *[09:06]*: Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[09:07]*: It, like, basically view only access is. Is how it's described. So if you just need somebody to have awareness, like, we have clients where the executives, you know, the people that, you know, should have the power. One would think they just have view only access because it's like, well, we don't need to pay for them to edit anything. They log in once a quarter just to, like, see where things are at. So we can always roll that way. Okay, so we're like four plus one five users. 
**Frank C** *[09:35]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[09:37]*: And you guys are all roughly kind of, you know, at a high level, running these deals down in a similar way. 
**Frank C** *[09:46]*: No, very different. So like Pavel and I, for example, so we would be like, we're doing this from like a traditional M and A LBO type, you know, type approach. Right. We look at, you know, buyouts, we look at, you know, debt. We, you know, special sits. Like all different, sort of wildly different scenarios. I would say we're. That's what we're doing. And then the other two guys, Vijay and Philip, they are on, like, they really are on the real estate side. And so they do stuff like pretty much all parking garages, they. They run that element. So they have like a pipeline file that's in like an Excel spreadsheet that. That sort of goes through. So it's. I would say those things are both very different use. You know, they're very different use cases with very different sort of stages. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[10:42]*: Okay. All right. So already we're probably looking at building out two different pipelines. You want to track it all, you want to report on it all. But the ways in which they progress through the deal lifecycle, those stages are clearly different. 
**Frank C** *[10:56]*: Yes. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[10:57]*: Okay. All right, talk to me about how these deals come about. Yeah, yeah, tell me how these deals often start. 
**Frank C** *[11:11]*: So it's, you know, relationship that either Pavel and I have. We get a. So we get an inbound, like, you know, talk to a banker, talk to somebody. We find out about a deal. Someone sends over a teaser and an NDA. We then, you know, this sort of process we have internally is we send an NDA. You know, we'll like, send the NDA over to Jess. We'll review it. She'll, she's kind of the, holds the master pin on the NDA. If there's anything complicated, she and I will talk about it. But mostly she just negotiates all of them. And then once we get the NDA signed then we'll get the like marketing materials from the, you know, from the banker. 
**Frank C** *[11:59]*: And then you know, around that point we'll also get you know, hey, this is like the date of when the first bids are due on this deal. So like, and I'm actually thinking across like how the deal stages went at Lincoln is probably pretty similar to what this would be. So it's like, you know, if you kind of have your stages, it's like okay, there's the pre staged like the pre screen opportunity which is pre NDA. Then you've got your like NDA. Like you're reviewing, you've signed an NDA, you're reviewing the marketing materials. That's like stage two. And then your stage three is like hey, we've submitted an offer for this business and then you know, we're going to go to management presentations and then there's going to be more diligence. 
**Frank C** *[12:50]*: And then like the next stage after that would be like we've submitted and you know, signed an LOI for the business and then we're closing the business. So it's kind of five stages I guess in total is I would think how it kind of moves along. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[13:08]*: Okay, let's back up to each of those stages. So you get these contacts or let's even start, let's go. Pre stage. You get these contacts from personal, network, whatever. I think you mentioned you've got like a big ass word document or something with all this stuff. 
**Frank C** *[13:26]*: Yeah, that's like. So that is the, that right there is like a key thing that we really want to be able to put in is a, like hey, I want to be able to put you know a. For example my former partner, he's the electronics guy at Lincoln. I you know would look, I would want to have like his name, his contact information and then you know, when I get a deal or something that comes in, his name's attached to it and you know, and that's kind of linked in that way. And, and then you know, multiply that across like I met somebody yesterday, you know, the same thing. They're a banker, they have many different industries that they cover. But you know, I could track those opportunities. But it's, you know, it's just building out like the Rolodex. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[14:22]*: Yeah. And also like, what is that what I would call like a buyer Persona? Or in your case, you know, it's not really buyers. It's just like the different relationships that you guys have, whether it's a referral partner or a potential acquisition or whatever. 
**Frank C** *[14:42]*: Right, 
**Cameron Taggart** *[14:44]*: Okay, that makes sense. Okay, so these all exist in like random ass places. Your iPhone. 
**Frank C** *[14:52]*: A lot of it, A lot of it's from, it's from like if I was going to go down this list, it's I. And I mean Pavel's probably way more. Pavel's going to say it's all in his head for me. It's like I went through, like when I, I went through my LinkedIn and I was like, all right, here's like the 10 people. Because, you know, starting out I was like, all right, how am I going to get, you know, I, if I can't. The goal can't just be bring in as many deals as possible because it's simply too many. It's, it's not. That's not really a good use of time. So I was like, all right, I need to pick like just right off the bat, the 10 people that I know are going to just start showing me deals from day one. 
**Frank C** *[15:35]*: And so those are people that I was like, all right, I'm going to put in. And then basically from there is I'm going to start building it out, you know, from people. And that's what I would refer to as people who are like deal sourcing folks. Then your next categories, right, is you would have, we would want to put like vendors that we use, attorneys, accountants, consultants, etc. Etc. And then we would want to have like a category, you know, for like our LPs are like fundraising. And then probably the one of the biggest categories we'll end up having is like our lenders. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[16:23]*: Okay. And so all that to say, you know, your partner you mentioned some of that lives in his head. You've got your, you know, spreadsheet or your Word Doc or whatever. Importing it obviously could be lengthy depending upon like if we've got a bunch of different sources and some's a Word document, some's, you know, from your iPhone. 
**Frank C** *[16:50]*: There's this whole, this exercise. Like, I don't think there's a. What I, what I in my mind of like what is the easiest way to actually do this is like if we could get a error free template, Excel Whatever that we know that's like, hey, if you type the shit in correctly in this Excel template, it will upload perfectly into the database. And I would literally send that to Pavel and be like, pavel, however, we need to fill this out. Whatever help you need, it just needs to go in this template and we upload it, and that's what we're going to start with. And then from there we'll start building. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:36]*: Okay, perfect. Yep. 
**Frank C** *[17:38]*: Great. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:40]*: That means we spend less time, you pay less money. 
**Frank C** *[17:43]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:44]*: And honestly, I think you probably did this when you started your job. The exercise of doing this will. Will be like, oh, shit, I hadn't hit that guy up in a while. Right. 
**Frank C** *[17:54]*: It's the same. Yeah, exactly. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[17:56]*: It'll be a great exercise for you all internally. So, okay, so, yeah, we'll. We'll throw together a quick template, we'll line that up with contact properties that will allow you guys to go through that exercise. And then we'll get that imported. And then the beauty of HubSpot is will integrate it with your email clients. And then as you're talking to people, all of that stuff just starts flowing in there. And so when you meet somebody new and you send them an email or you set up a calendar invite, are you guys Outlook or Gmail? 
**Frank C** *[18:27]*: So I use. So everyone uses Outlook. I. I've been using Superhuman. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:34]*: Oh, cool. 
**Frank C** *[18:35]*: Okay. I've been. I've been. Now I've been trying to learn Superhuman. I got to admit, I've been doing it for, like, three. Three weeks. I don't know if I'm gonna continue using this thing. It's. I. I just. I haven't quite figured everything out with it yet. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:49]*: Yeah, no. 
**Frank C** *[18:49]*: Is that what you use? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[18:51]*: I was gonna say don't tell Billy. I started on it. I just didn't invest enough time into learning it. And so I told Billy. I was like, we don't need to be paying for something I'm not using. And I just haven't gone back down the rabbit hole. Dude, I'm sorry. 
**Frank C** *[19:04]*: I'm getting ready to bail. And it's like, the thing is, I'm. I'm so ingrained in Outlook and I know it so well. Just as far as, like, how everything works. And in Superhuman, like, I'm, for instance, like, I can't figure out, like, how to get alerts for calls. Like, it's, like, random, and I can't even find the setting for it. And I'm like, you know, I'm. I'm. Because the methodology is good and I use that methodology, like without, you know, like, I don't need like the whole other separate client thing. So I don't know I'm going to give it. I still have like another week to go. I'm going to think about it. But frankly, like, I'm probably just going to use Outlook. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[19:46]*: Yeah, well, either way, like the way Superhuman works is you've got Outlook and then this just Superhuman is like a way of viewing that. So whatever route you go, it integrates with Outlook and probably some others that I don't even know if that's. 
**Frank C** *[20:02]*: Yeah, we're on every. Everyone's. Yeah, for this, everyone's on Outlook. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[20:05]*: Okay. So yeah, that'll integrate. Which we would set up and walk you guys through. Especially since there's, you know, five of you, it would not take a lot of effort. And frankly, if there are people that are client facing where you just want those, the contact information there, you could set that up too, even if they're not editing. But you, I'm pretty sure you have to pay for like the entry level sales seat or whatever. We'll cross that bridge when we get there. Okay. So that's. And then new contacts obviously will flow into the system that way and then you get the one off. Or like you see somebody on LinkedIn and you start messaging with them and you want to pull that in. You know, you can manually add somebody. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[20:51]*: But I don't know, I feel like anytime something becomes real, you end up emailing anyway and so it just gets pulled into the system. There are ways of integrating LinkedIn messaging in there that costs more money. I don't know how much any of you guys are doing that. And again, it's like, okay, once it becomes real, it typically moves over to email anyway. I just wanted to call that out in case that is something you guys frequently see. 
**Frank C** *[21:19]*: I'm not a huge LinkedIn user, so I don't know. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[21:23]*: Okay. Yep. Then I would not worry about it. Okay, so you're having all these conversations, you're having meetings, those emails, those meetings, those all get tracked automatically with the integration. Then, you know, you get referred a deal or you start the conversation and you get that NDA signed after some back and forth. How is that handled? Like, is that on the clock on the target company's docusign? Is that on our docusign? Like, how does that usually work? 
**Frank C** *[22:03]*: We're sending, I mean, typical practice is you're sending a Word document back and forth because you're marking it up. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[22:10]*: Got it. Okay. And Is that something that you feel like works well or does that cause strain? Like is that something we should add. 
**Frank C** *[22:20]*: A tool like Dr. No, that is like, I think so. Let's see here. So I don't. So we have Adobe Pro. So any. So like we're going to use. Yeah, we're going to use like Word. I mean just, you know, standard practice for us and when I was at Lincoln too is that you're sending, you know, markups in an official Word document and then when you get to the end, you're going to get a PDF and someone's going to sign it and send it back. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[22:52]*: Okay, and that's signed like the final ver. Like you sign it and then the other, then the company signs it. Is that how that usually works? 
**Frank C** *[23:01]*: Depends. It's usually a one way NDA. It's usually just us signing it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[23:06]*: Okay. And you use Adobe Acrobat to sign that? Usually, yeah. Okay, I'll talk with Kyle from our team to confirm like what the best way to run that is. Worst case scenario, that gets signed and sent through an email that would show up in the object record. It was like either the deal record or the contact record. What I don't know is what I'm gonna talk to Kyle about is like do we automate something where when that's signed or that comes through then that gets attached to the deal. That's I think the ideal end goal. Because then that way, okay, we've got a deal, it's live. Do we have an NDA sign? I go to the documents, I see that the NDA is signed. That can also potentially be a deal property where it's like NDA signed yes or no. Right. Or it's blank. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[24:07]*: Right. And then those types of things can like fire off just different automations. Right. Like if we do figure out a way where once it's signed and sent over, if that automatically checks the NDA signed property, then the deal automatically moves over into the next stage after the NDA has been executed or whatever. We'll talk about that, we can look into that. Okay, what was the next step after the NDA? 
**Frank C** *[24:36]*: So the next step is going to be like we get materials from them. So we get like, you know, it's usually going to be PDF, Excels, all that kind of stuff. We're going to save it down onto the drive under our, you know, just our one drive and then we're going to, you know, basically take a look. You know, we're going to get a deadline for when the first round bids are due, and you know, and then during that time period, it's like, basically we don't really exactly have a system yet, but it's, you know, at some point, like, I'm going to review the materials, Pavel is going to review the materials, and then we're going to have a discussion about it and we're going to say like, hey, do we want to, you know, do we want to pursue this? Yes or no? 
**Frank C** *[25:25]*: Do we want to submit an ioi, yes or no? And then, you know, if the answer is yes, then we're gonna basically, you know, type up an IOI and submit it for that date. There's not a process, a big process around that. And so one thing that would be really good that I would like to implement there is if there's a way to basically have a thing where, say it's like this. Say there's. And I don't know if this would be by stage or however you would do it, but if there was a way where like a deal comes in and basically a way that he and I can both mark off if we've reviewed it, if we've like kind of reviewed the materials, which would be really good because, you know, a lot of the times it's like, hey, I read through this. 
**Frank C** *[26:19]*: And like, I don't know if he's even taken a look at it yet, but if there's like a, an easy way to basically say, like, hey, yep, I reviewed it, I've read it, that would be really good. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[26:32]*: Yeah, no, there's a bunch of ways we could do that. Like, the most basic way I can think about it is we typically like for our deal stages to be like, the deal stage is in the past tense. So it's not like executing NDA, it's NDA executed. And so once the NDA is executed, then we could go into something like, you know, marketing materials or investment materials reviewed. And so once India signs, you know, you're in the, the marketing material review phase, it doesn't move over until everybody's done. And then once everybody's done, then it gets moved over. And there could be properties that you guys manage. There's maybe some like a light project management element to it that we could build into the CRM, but we can cross that bridge if. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:35]*: Because basically what you're saying is you're just trying to communicate, I've reviewed it, my business partners reviewed it. Everybody who needs to review it has we can move on, right? 
**Frank C** *[27:44]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:45]*: Okay. 
**Frank C** *[27:45]*: All right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[27:46]*: Yep, all clear. Okay. So you've reviewed the materials and then you were going to go into the next stage. 
**Frank C** *[27:53]*: So. Yeah. So then it's basically deciding, you know, whether we're going to submit an offer or not. And then, you know, and then it's like, okay, if we are submitting an offer or your submitted offer, and then it's basically like if we go to the next stage to like, okay, the offer, we're one of the parties that gets invited forward to go to management presentations, then that's kind of the next stage. And what I would say is, you know, it's going to be the exact same as the previous stage, but there's going to be like, you know, at that point it's like, okay, we're going to be hiring third party advisors. Right. We're going to be like doing a lot more deeper diligence. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[28:41]*: Yep. And what is that? I guess at that point you're going to. And this is one of the things I was talking about with Kyle just getting ready for today. We're, we're going to be hiring these third party folks and we'll probably want to associate them with the deal. So we know this group or this advisor is working on this particular deal. Right. Is there anything else about that process you would want to track inside the CRM. 
**Frank C** *[29:17]*: Now? At the top of my head. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[29:19]*: Okay. And you know, we can always add it on later. Okay. So we go through that process. Are you. Yeah, just tell me what do you view, I guess as like the next step? 
**Frank C** *[29:41]*: Yeah. So I guess after that process you would have, basically you're in your final. So say you submit an loi and then that stage actually remains exactly the same. And then it's closing. Right. It's like you're going to actually close the deal. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[30:07]*: And is there anything during that closing process you would want to track you? 
**Frank C** *[30:17]*: No. I mean, all the stuff. Like not from a CRM perspective. Like there's huge diligence trackers and you know, like there's so much of that stuff, but that's all that's being tracked kind of separately. Like not that you really need for the CRM. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[30:36]*: Where are you tracking it now? 
**Frank C** *[30:38]*: Oh, it's going to be like in a, you know, you would have like a, you know, and this is why it's going to be highly customized for every deal. But I'm going to have like my diligence tracker like with all the work streams and everything in it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[30:49]*: Like a, like a spreadsheet. 
**Frank C** *[30:51]*: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[30:56]*: Have you thought about moving that? Well, let me ask, is that for you or are people collaborating in there with you? 
**Frank C** *[31:04]*: Oh, that's. So it's for, it's for me, but it's for everybody. It's getting passed around between, like I've. This is like the way it's still, you know, all these like data, you know, data site, Blue Flame. Like a lot of companies are trying to automate this thing. It doesn't work. It's literally like an ex. You need an Excel file with multi tabs and Gantt charts and stuff. Because it's the only thing that like you can pass it around to everybody. Everyone understands it and it's just. So it's just a thing where it's like. And the other thing too is that you can't, it's something you can't really build a template for because there's too many exceptions. You just kind of start with one or you kind of start with like a sheet of simple requests and you kind of build it out from there. 
**Frank C** *[31:51]*: So it's not something that we would ever need to, you know, track or track like on the CRM. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[31:58]*: Yeah. Because if you send it to some like 58 year old lawyer and tell them to update it, they're going to be, what do I do? Do I log in? I can't get my Gmail to work? That's kind of the situation. Okay, that makes sense. I was just going to say, like, you could potentially build out something that's a little easier to use or has a little bit better collaboration functionality, like a true project management tool like Monday or Notion or whatever. 
**Frank C** *[32:32]*: But yeah, it's not. Yeah, with, with the two of us is like there's really only two people doing it. And, and it's so it's. Yeah, it's, it's. It's not doing a CRM is going to be more than enough. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[32:48]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Frank C** *[32:49]*: Technology for everyone. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[32:51]*: Okay. Okay, cool. So that's pretty straightforward. And then after the loi, or, excuse me, after the closing process, you know, it either closes or it doesn't. Right. Do you want what happens after it closes? Like, let's say you get it. 
**Frank C** *[33:13]*: Yeah. So then it just becomes our portfolio company. So we just own it. So I guess you would kind of switch it to like, you know, we own it. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[33:22]*: Yeah, well, yeah, it would be, you know, Portfolio company. Trying to think in theory, like, all of this is cyclical. That's why you're in this line of work. You would want to. Maybe not. I imagine a lot of this is how do we flip it? I'm sure some of it could be. It's cash flow positive and we just want to rake in some dollars for a little bit. But is the sales process something that you've thought about pulling into the CRM as well? 
**Frank C** *[33:59]*: No. And the reason is that, like, all of our, like, any company that we sell, we're gonna have. We're gonna hire a banker to do it, and they're gonna have their own, you know. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:10]*: Got it. 
**Frank C** *[34:11]*: Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:14]*: Okay. Well, I guess, yeah, we would want to notate that they're a portfolio company. You know, maybe there's something that states when the, like the flips, you know, they're no longer a portfolio company. 
**Frank C** *[34:26]*: We've. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[34:26]*: We've sold them something to track that. 
**Frank C** *[34:30]*: Yeah, there's a bunch like. Like, I would say, because one thing that. That what you would want to have is a category of just, like, businesses. And you would have, like, your own portfolio companies. You could have people, you know, that are associated with it. But then there's also the, like, you know, companies that are what I would say, new opportunity. Like, new opportunities that are not like. Like, there's got to be a place where it's basically like a company that we know of that's an opportunity, but it's not an opportunity anytime soon. But it's like, hey, you just want to have a company that's on there where it's like, hey, if I ever have a call, that company comes up, I can. My notes can go there, et cetera. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[35:14]*: Yeah, we will think of some sort of like. Like, I would describe that as a life cycle stage, because really we're talking about the company level. Kyle's done this for other private equities. We've had some other folks that have as well. And we've also done some stuff with, like, insurance, which is, you know, similar in some ways. We'll figure out the right way to do it, but just at a high level, just to preview. Like, there's something that tells us this is a company that exists in the world. We've never talked to them. And then there's a company that we've talked to. Like, maybe we flirted, but it's nothing real. And we want to know that versus a company that, like, we're having. Like, this is a qualified potential deal for us. They want to sell. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[36:05]*: They're talking to investment makers and they've already got one. They haven't, you know, they haven't shown interest to us. But, like, it's a lot. It's a live thing. Like, all of those are different stages that you would want to track, and that's all way before a deal happens. So I think figuring out, like, what those company lifecycle stages are, that's something we could build out, and that's a customizable field, and we'll figure that out for you guys. 
**Frank C** *[36:30]*: Oh, nice. Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[36:33]*: Okay. And then so related to that, 
**Frank C** *[36:38]*: You. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[36:38]*: Know, I view that as like, you know, that's more in, like the sales world, right, where you're, you're trying to figure out who could potentially be an opportunity for you guys. And then even further up the chain, before you have a conversation, is them having awareness of you. And this is less important in your line of business because, like, Nobody sees a LinkedIn ad and is like, man, I want that company to buy me. But do you. Is there any element of marketing or like, emails, social media, anything like that you guys currently or would want to do? 
**Frank C** *[37:18]*: Yeah, that's, that is like, that part of it is like a just conversation. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[37:26]*: Because she doesn't. She's not going to approve the budget. 
**Frank C** *[37:29]*: For any of that. No, no, no. She, no, she, like, she handles all of the, like the, you know, like anything to do with LinkedIn or marketing, because we do that stuff. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[37:40]*: Oh, okay. 
**Frank C** *[37:41]*: It's like anything to do with that, though. That's, that's like in. Up. Her. We're. Pablo and I are all just. It's all inbound and, and she's much more, you know, I would say, on the outbound side. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[37:56]*: Okay, interesting. Do you know what she's doing, like, just at a high level. 
**Frank C** *[38:03]*: Oh, I, I have no idea. Okay. Like, I know. We send, like, we'll send. Yeah, this is a, this is a whole thing where like once we kind of get this thing set up and rolling, we'll want to, like, you would want to have a call like this with. With. With probably Philip and he would talk about this from like the real estate side and then Jess and Brian would want to. And really Jess. But just about like the investor communications and sort of the LP management, because I have no idea how any of that work. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[38:52]*: Okay. So if we are interested in those types of tools, that means we're going from using HubSpot as a CRM to like a true sales and marketing. 
**Frank C** *[39:07]*: Yeah, I, I would not say it's not a. When. I mean, like, there's a. I think, like, she made one post last year. Yeah, it's. It's definitely like, there's not a lot of outbound. Now, look, maybe they think something different, but it's not a. We're not like a. You know, there's really no desire to do a ton of marketing. Like, I. It's. That's not. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[39:35]*: Yeah, because she's got a day job, right? 
**Frank C** *[39:37]*: Yeah, exactly. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[39:39]*: Seems like she's. I mean, you guys are a small company. She's operations leader. She's got a lot of other stuff going on, so she's probably not thinking about like weekly LinkedIn posts and weekly emails or even monthly emails. Right? 
**Frank C** *[39:53]*: Correct. Correct. But I think, but it's, but like, hey, Look, a monthly LinkedIn post or something like that. I'm sure, I'm sure she would. I'm sure that is something she'd be interested to do. But, you know, it's. It's like, it's just, you know, not enough hours in the day. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[40:11]*: Yeah. And I guess the question is, like, the reason I'm pulling up this thread. When you sign up for HubSpot, there's a moment in time where you've got an opportunity to fight for discount. 
**Frank C** *[40:24]*: Right. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[40:25]*: The first time you buy. And the more you buy, obviously the heavier discount you're going to get. So in this situation, if it was something where, like, you tell me something, six months from now, we're going to get serious about marketing, or we're going to bring in an intern or a coordinator, now would be the time to go ahead and buy that functionality because we can negotiate for a discount. But what I'm weighing is you also said that everybody is super price sensitive. This is a new piece of technology. 
**Frank C** *[40:59]*: I would say no. I would say no. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:01]*: Yeah, yeah. We're better served just like, proving it out. If we have to pay more in technology fees later, that's fine. 
**Frank C** *[41:08]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:08]*: Okay. All right, then just forget it. I'll see what, if any, marketing functionality we would get with some of the, like, baseline starter functionality, and maybe that's something that's worth it to her because really we're just talking about, like, one person. And I'll. We can think about that. But honestly, again, going back to cost, if we build out something like that, it's maybe something that would increase the implementation fees. I don't know by how Much. But me and Kyle will talk about it and maybe we just skip that for now and we can kind of prove out the tool and then roundabout later. And again, like, HubSpot is so user friendly. It may be as simple as, like me hopping on a call for 30 minutes with Jess and saying, here's how the email tool works. Like, have at it. 
**Frank C** *[41:58]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[41:59]*: Which I'm happy to do. So. Okay, cool. What else are we. Oh, reporting. There's some just out of the box reporting we can look at here. You know, I don't think you guys are trying to track, like, outbound activity, like meetings, calls, you know. Right. It's more about how many deals are in the pipeline, what are the conversion rates from one stage to the next. 
**Frank C** *[42:30]*: And I would say. And I would say too, in like. Yeah, that's. That's a big. That's. Yeah, it's going to be all out of the box stuff. And. And then. Oh, and the other thing, too. And I imagine there is a way to do this. Say you've got, like, meeting notes. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[42:49]*: You know, you're. 
**Frank C** *[42:50]*: You're kind of putting meeting notes in when you talk to somebody. Is. Does it have a way to basically, like, you know, if I said, hey, I want to look at all my meeting notes from the last two weeks, you could like, pull that in. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:08]*: I don't know if there's like a centralized place for that. They do have a new AI, like all the softwares do. Right. So maybe. 
**Frank C** *[43:18]*: I bet there. I bet there's a, like, basically it's a way where it's like, hey, if I'm putting notes in and I'm like, oh, man, somebody, like, I was talking to somebody about this, like, cable and wire harness company last, you know, like two months ago. I just can't remember who it is. Like, that was always a pain point with Salesforce was you were like, you couldn't find it. Like, you would put this in Odin and you're like, it's gone. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[43:42]*: Yeah, there's. And there may even be like a, A workflow or a search or a report or something that we could build out for you there. But it may be as simple. Their AI tool is called Breeze. It may be as simple as, like, going into Breeze and saying, what are all the notes that I took this year that included blank? And then the other thing, man, like, Billy's probably talked to you about Fireflies. Have you looked at that at all? 
**Frank C** *[44:17]*: He told me about it. I think I did talk to Jess about this. I think There was like a. There maybe was like a compliance concern or something. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:29]*: Yeah, we've. 
**Frank C** *[44:30]*: Because we're a finra. Because we're a finra. Because we're a finra. Registered agency. You know, we're like a. We have a broker dealer license. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:41]*: Yeah, yeah, that's. That, that's probably a challenge. 
**Frank C** *[44:45]*: Yeah, there's. There's just knowing the industry, dude, no one's gonna. You can't record people. That, That's. It's not gonna. People don't want that. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:55]*: So funny. 
**Frank C** *[44:57]*: Very annoying. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[44:57]*: It's like, yeah, somebody's gonna hack in and break the news about me selling my parking garage, right? 
**Frank C** *[45:04]*: Yeah, yeah, exactly. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[45:07]*: Front page news on the Wall Street Journal. No, I get it, man. Okay. Yeah, we'll look into that. And then the last thing, I think it just goes without saying, you are looking at companies that already have PE backing, like they're already owned, like they may be selling to you. Is that fair or. 
**Frank C** *[45:27]*: No, no, we're looking at everything. Public companies, private companies. Okay. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[45:35]*: So I think the other thing too, that in these situations, we'll create like a parent child taxonomy at the account level so that you can see. Oh, okay. This company, this portfolio company is related to this private equity firm or this venture capital firm. And you will be able to see that connection inside of upswap. Obviously, that requires some, either some manual effort or data enrichment from a tool like PitchBook or something that's outlandishly expensive. I don't know that you guys are there yet. 
**Frank C** *[46:17]*: We will never use PitchBook. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[46:21]*: Yeah, so it's just something where, like, if you need to tag that you have the functionality to do it. That's all. That's all it is. 
**Frank C** *[46:31]*: Okay. Makes sense. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[46:33]*: Okay. Besides that, man, this is all pretty straightforward. 
**Frank C** *[46:43]*: Yeah. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[46:44]*: Your life a lot easier. And I don't think anything else, like, anything else is just going to bells and whistles you won't take advantage of and it's going to make that price higher. So I think this is a good starting place. 
**Frank C** *[46:58]*: Yeah, perfect. So just for me. Just. Just for me. So, like, when I tell Jess and I just say, hey, like, I think we can probably get this up and running. If I just say, hey, like, it's probably going to roughly be, you know, 50 bucks, you know, 50 to 100 bucks a person, depending on how much we add to it. And like, what, like, how. How long do you think it would take to get something like this up and running? 
**Cameron Taggart** *[47:29]*: Six to eight weeks, probably. 
**Frank C** *[47:31]*: Okay, perfect. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[47:35]*: Okay. And implementation fees. I gotta, I gotta talk with Kyle, who will build the actual sow, and I guess I didn't. He. He had another call come up so he couldn't make it. And I've done this thing. I've done these calls a million times. So I'll take the transcript and share with him. He'll build it out on implementation. I would say anywhere from 15 to $30,000 is probably where we would land. 
**Frank C** *[48:01]*: Okay, cool. Makes sense. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:05]*: All right, I will get to work on this, and we'll be in touch soon. 
**Frank C** *[48:11]*: All right, thanks, man. 
**Cameron Taggart** *[48:13]*: All right, talk soon. 
**Frank C** *[48:14]*: Appreciate it. Bye. 
